---
subcategory: "App Service (Web Apps)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_app_service_certificate_order"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing App Service Certificate Order.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_app_service_certificate_order

Use this data source to access information about an existing App Service Certificate Order.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_azurerm_app_service_certificate_order_example =
        azurerm.data_azurerm_app_service_certificate_order.DataAzurermAppServiceCertificateOrder(self, "example",
            name="example-cert-order",
            resource_group_name="example-resources"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "certificate_order_id",
            value=data_azurerm_app_service_certificate_order_example.id
        )
```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - The name of the App Service.

* `resource_group_name` - The Name of the Resource Group where the App Service exists.

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - The ID of the App Service.

* `location` - The Azure location where the App Service exists.

* `auto_renew` - true if the certificate should be automatically renewed when it expires; otherwise, false.

* `certificates` - State of the Key Vault secret. A `certificates` block as defined below.

* `csr` - Last CSR that was created for this order.

* `distinguished_name` - The Distinguished Name for the App Service Certificate Order.

* `key_size` - Certificate key size.

* `product_type` - Certificate product type, such as `Standard` or `WildCard`.

* `validity_in_years` - Duration in years (must be between 1 and 3).

* `domain_verification_token` - Domain verification token.

* `status` - Current order status.

* `expiration_time` - Certificate expiration time.

* `is_private_key_external` - Whether the private key is external or not.

* `app_service_certificate_not_renewable_reasons` - Reasons why App Service Certificate is not renewable at the current moment.

* `signed_certificate_thumbprint` - Certificate thumbprint for signed certificate.

* `root_thumbprint` - Certificate thumbprint for root certificate.

* `intermediate_thumbprint` - Certificate thumbprint intermediate certificate.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

* `certificate_name` - The name of the App Service Certificate.

* `key_vault_id` - Key Vault resource Id.

* `key_vault_secret_name` - Key Vault secret name.

* `provisioning_state` - Status of the Key Vault secret.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the App Service Certificate Order.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-97cf10e600fbc713084ede27f68bdc66a549ebe88e4873ffe7b6248d643411c4 -->