---
subcategory: "Healthcare"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_healthcare_service"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing Healthcare Service
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_healthcare_service

Use this data source to access information about an existing Healthcare Service

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_azurerm_healthcare_service_example =
        azurerm.data_azurerm_healthcare_service.DataAzurermHealthcareService(self, "example",
            location="westus2",
            name="example-healthcare_service",
            resource_group_name="example-resources"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "healthcare_service_id",
            value=data_azurerm_healthcare_service_example.id
        )
```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - Specifies the name of the Healthcare Service.

* `resource_group_name` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Healthcare Service exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `location` - The Azure Region where the Service is located.

~> **Please Note**: Not all locations support this resource. Some are `West US 2`, `North Central US`, and `UK West`.

* `kind` - The type of the service.
* `authentication_configuration` - An `authentication_configuration` block as defined below.
* `cosmosdb_throughput` - The provisioned throughput for the backing database.
* `cosmosdb_key_vault_key_versionless_id` - The versionless Key Vault Key ID for CMK encryption of the backing database.
* `cors_configuration` - A `cors_configuration` block as defined below.
* `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---
An `authentication_configuration` exports the following:

* `authority` - The Azure Active Directory (tenant) that serves as the authentication authority to access the service.
* `audience` - The intended audience to receive authentication tokens for the service.
* `smart_proxy_enabled` - Is the 'SMART on FHIR' option for mobile and web implementations enabled?

---
A `cors_configuration` block exports the following:

* `allowed_origins` - The set of origins to be allowed via CORS.
* `allowed_headers` - The set of headers to be allowed via CORS.
* `allowed_methods` - The methods to be allowed via CORS.
* `max_age_in_seconds` - The max age to be allowed via CORS.
* `allow_credentials` - Are credentials are allowed via CORS?

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Healthcare Service.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-96080a0e0a5b91cb3ede6ef7ea65b879eb3385c5d02375333a8f94789337e700 -->