---
subcategory: "Load Balancer"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_lb"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing Load Balancer

---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_lb

Use this data source to access information about an existing Load Balancer

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_azurerm_lb_example = azurerm.data_azurerm_lb.DataAzurermLb(self, "example",
            name="example-lb",
            resource_group_name="example-resources"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "loadbalancer_id",
            value=data_azurerm_lb_example.id
        )
```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - Specifies the name of the Load Balancer.

* `resource_group_name` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Load Balancer exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Load Balancer.

* `frontend_ip_configuration` - A `frontend_ip_configuration` block as documented below.

* `location` - The Azure location where the Load Balancer exists.

* `private_ip_address` - The first private IP address assigned to the load balancer in `frontend_ip_configuration` blocks, if any.

* `private_ip_addresses` - The list of private IP address assigned to the load balancer in `frontend_ip_configuration` blocks, if any.

* `sku` - The SKU of the Load Balancer.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

---

A `frontend_ip_configuration` block exports the following:

* `name` - The name of the Frontend IP Configuration.
* `id` - The id of the Frontend IP Configuration.
* `subnet_id` - The ID of the Subnet which is associated with the IP Configuration.
* `private_ip_address` - Private IP Address to assign to the Load Balancer.
* `private_ip_address_allocation` - The allocation method for the Private IP Address used by this Load Balancer.
* `private_ip_address_version` - The Private IP Address Version, either `IPv4` or `IPv6`.
* `public_ip_address_id` - The ID of a  Public IP Address which is associated with this Load Balancer.
* `zones` - A list of Availability Zones which the Load Balancer's IP Addresses should be created in.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Load Balancer.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-01001b6118d4f21707e701ecef364948a63cf3409bf29f30aca5cb3a0d0be20d -->