---
subcategory: "Database"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_mssql_server"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Microsoft SQL Server.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_mssql_server

Use this data source to access information about an existing Microsoft SQL Server.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_azurerm_mssql_server_example =
        azurerm.data_azurerm_mssql_server.DataAzurermMssqlServer(self, "example",
            name="existingMsSqlServer",
            resource_group_name="existingResGroup"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "id",
            value=data_azurerm_mssql_server_example.id
        )
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of this Microsoft SQL Server.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Microsoft SQL Server exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Microsoft SQL Server.

* `administrator_login` - The server's administrator login name.

* `fully_qualified_domain_name` - The fully qualified domain name of the Azure SQL Server.

* `identity` - A `identity` block as defined below.

* `location` - The Azure Region where the Microsoft SQL Server exists.

* `restorable_dropped_database_ids` - A list of dropped restorable database IDs on the server.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to this Microsoft SQL Server.

* `version` - This servers MS SQL version.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Microsoft SQL Server.

* `principal_id` - The Principal ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Microsoft SQL Server.

* `tenant_id` - The Tenant ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Microsoft SQL Server.

* `identity_ids` - The list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this Microsoft SQL Server.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Microsoft SQL Server.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2d23230ad380f266482c860f7544c8c6d868bccebdd2e9f95449c4f761a4b6ab -->