---
subcategory: "Policy"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_policy_definition"
description: |-
  Get information about a Policy Definition.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_policy_definition

Use this data source to access information about a Policy Definition, both custom and built in. Retrieves Policy Definitions from your current subscription by default.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_azurerm_policy_definition_example =
        azurerm.data_azurerm_policy_definition.DataAzurermPolicyDefinition(self, "example",
            display_name="Allowed resource types"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "id",
            value=data_azurerm_policy_definition_example.id
        )
```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - Specifies the name of the Policy Definition. Conflicts with `display_name`.

* `display_name` - Specifies the display name of the Policy Definition. Conflicts with `name`.

~> **NOTE** Looking up policies by `display_name` is not recommended by the Azure Policy team as the property is not unique nor immutable. As such errors may occur when there are multiple policy definitions with same display name or the display name is changed. To avoid these types of errors you may wish to use the `name` property instead.

* `management_group_name` - (Optional) Only retrieve Policy Definitions from this Management Group.

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - The ID of the Policy Definition.

* `type` - The Type of Policy.

* `description` - The Description of the Policy.

* `policy_type` - The Type of the Policy. Possible values are `BuiltIn`, `Custom` and `NotSpecified`.

* `policy_rule` - The Rule as defined (in JSON) in the Policy.

* `role_definition_ids` - A list of role definition id extracted from `policy_rule` required for remediation.

* `parameters` - Any Parameters defined in the Policy.

* `metadata` - Any Metadata defined in the Policy.

* `mode` - The Mode of the Policy.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Policy Definition.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-560013bacfea68d93742dad24f073d2685288e0a5e47747aeb1aa0ed57cd26e2 -->