---
subcategory: "Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_virtual_hub_connection"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Virtual Hub Connection
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_virtual_hub_connection

Uses this data source to access information about an existing Virtual Hub Connection.

## Virtual Hub Connection Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_azurerm_virtual_hub_connection_example =
        azurerm.data_azurerm_virtual_hub_connection.DataAzurermVirtualHubConnection(self, "example",
            name="example-connection",
            resource_group_name="example-resources",
            virtual_hub_name="example-hub-name"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "virtual_hub_connection_id",
            value=data_azurerm_virtual_hub_connection_example.id
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - The name of the Connection which should be retrieved.

* `resource_group_name` - The Name of the Resource Group where the Virtual Hub Connection exists.

*  `virtual_hub_name` - The name of the Virtual Hub where this Connection exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Virtual Hub Connection.

* `virtual_hub_id` - The ID of the Virtual Hub within which this connection is created

* `remote_virtual_network_id` - The ID of the Virtual Network which the Virtual Hub is connected

* `internet_security_enabled` - Whether Internet Security is enabled to secure internet traffic on this connection

* `routing` - A `routing` block as defined below.

---

An `routing` block exports the following:

* `associated_route_table_id` - The ID of the route table associated with this Virtual Hub connection.

* `propagated_route_table` - A `propagated_route_table` block as defined below.

* `static_vnet_route` - A `static_vnet_route` block as defined below.

---

A `propagated_route_table` block supports the following:

* `labels` - The list of labels assigned to this route table.

* `route_table_ids` - A list of Route Table IDs associated with this Virtual Hub Connection.

---

A `static_vnet_route` block supports the following:

* `name` - The name which is used for this Static Route.

* `address_prefixes` - A list of CIDR Ranges which is used as Address Prefixes.

* `next_hop_ip_address` - The IP Address which is used for the Next Hop.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Virtual Hub.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-a5132de450651217ac7f88e33e8a81707cbfc597911563a2d8431ab9a6d785c6 -->