---
subcategory: "API Management"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api_management_authorization_server"
description: |-
  Manages an Authorization Server within an API Management Service.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_api_management_authorization_server

Manages an Authorization Server within an API Management Service.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new azurerm.provider.AzurermProvider(this, "azurerm", {
      features: {},
    });
    const dataAzurermApiManagementExample =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermApiManagement.DataAzurermApiManagement(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          name: "search-api",
          resourceGroupName: "search-service",
        }
      );
    const azurermApiManagementAuthorizationServerExample =
      new azurerm.apiManagementAuthorizationServer.ApiManagementAuthorizationServer(
        this,
        "example_2",
        {
          apiManagementName: cdktf.Token.asString(
            dataAzurermApiManagementExample.name
          ),
          authorizationEndpoint:
            "https://example.mydomain.com/client/authorize",
          authorizationMethods: ["GET"],
          clientId: "42424242-4242-4242-4242-424242424242",
          clientRegistrationEndpoint:
            "https://example.mydomain.com/client/register",
          displayName: "Test Server",
          grantTypes: ["authorizationCode"],
          name: "test-server",
          resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
            dataAzurermApiManagementExample.resourceGroupName
          ),
        }
      );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermApiManagementAuthorizationServerExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `apiManagementName` - (Required) The name of the API Management Service in which this Authorization Server should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `authorizationMethods` - (Required) The HTTP Verbs supported by the Authorization Endpoint. Possible values are `delete`, `get`, `head`, `options`, `patch`, `post`, `put` and `trace`.

-> **NOTE:** `get` must always be present.

* `authorizationEndpoint` - (Required) The OAUTH Authorization Endpoint.

* `clientId` - (Required) The Client/App ID registered with this Authorization Server.

* `clientRegistrationEndpoint` - (Required) The URI of page where Client/App Registration is performed for this Authorization Server.

* `displayName` - (Required) The user-friendly name of this Authorization Server.

* `grantTypes` - (Required) Form of Authorization Grants required when requesting an Access Token. Possible values are `authorizationCode`, `clientCredentials`, `implicit` and `resourceOwnerPassword`.

* `name` - (Required) The name of this Authorization Server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the API Management Service exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

* `bearerTokenSendingMethods` - (Optional) The mechanism by which Access Tokens are passed to the API. Possible values are `authorizationHeader` and `query`.

* `clientAuthenticationMethod` - (Optional) The Authentication Methods supported by the Token endpoint of this Authorization Server.. Possible values are `basic` and `body`.

* `clientSecret` - (Optional) The Client/App Secret registered with this Authorization Server.

* `defaultScope` - (Optional) The Default Scope used when requesting an Access Token, specified as a string containing space-delimited values.

* `description` - (Optional) A description of the Authorization Server, which may contain HTML formatting tags.

* `resourceOwnerPassword` - (Optional) The password associated with the Resource Owner.

-> **NOTE:** This can only be specified when `grantType` includes `resourceOwnerPassword`.

* `resourceOwnerUsername` - (Optional) The username associated with the Resource Owner.

-> **NOTE:** This can only be specified when `grantType` includes `resourceOwnerPassword`.

* `supportState` - (Optional) Does this Authorization Server support State? If this is set to `true` the client may use the state parameter to raise protocol security.

* `tokenBodyParameter` - (Optional) A `tokenBodyParameter` block as defined below.

* `tokenEndpoint` - (Optional) The OAUTH Token Endpoint.

---

A `tokenBodyParameter` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The Name of the Parameter.

* `value` - (Required) The Value of the Parameter.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the API Management Authorization Server.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the API Management Authorization Server.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the API Management Authorization Server.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the API Management Authorization Server.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the API Management Authorization Server.

## Import

API Management Authorization Servers can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_api_management_authorization_server.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.ApiManagement/service/service1/authorizationServers/server1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-fc3d1a159ed2d26fd862ef1e85eff8f4a8526d09d8272a077886da5ddeb6cffb -->