---
subcategory: "API Management"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api_management_api"
description: |-
  Manages an API within an API Management Service.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_api_management_api

Manages an API within an API Management Service.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        location: "West Europe",
        name: "example-resources",
      }
    );
    const azurermApiManagementExample = new azurerm.apiManagement.ApiManagement(
      this,
      "example_1",
      {
        location: cdktf.Token.asString(azurermResourceGroupExample.location),
        name: "example-apim",
        publisherEmail: "company@terraform.io",
        publisherName: "My Company",
        resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermResourceGroupExample.name
        ),
        skuName: "Developer_1",
      }
    );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermApiManagementExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    const azurermApiManagementApiExample =
      new azurerm.apiManagementApi.ApiManagementApi(this, "example_2", {
        apiManagementName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermApiManagementExample.name
        ),
        displayName: "Example API",
        import: {
          contentFormat: "swagger-link-json",
          contentValue: "http://conferenceapi.azurewebsites.net/?format=json",
        },
        name: "example-api",
        path: "example",
        protocols: ["https"],
        resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermResourceGroupExample.name
        ),
        revision: "1",
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermApiManagementApiExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the API Management API. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `apiManagementName` - (Required) The Name of the API Management Service where this API should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The Name of the Resource Group where the API Management API exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `revision` - (Required) The Revision which used for this API. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

* `apiType` - (Optional) Type of API. Possible values are `graphql`, `http`, `soap`, and `websocket`. Defaults to `http`.

* `displayName` - (Optional) The display name of the API.

* `path` - (Optional) The Path for this API Management API, which is a relative URL which uniquely identifies this API and all of its resource paths within the API Management Service.

* `protocols` - (Optional) A list of protocols the operations in this API can be invoked. Possible values are `http`, `https`, `ws`, and `wss`.

-> **NOTE:** `displayName`, `path` and `protocols` are required when `sourceApiId` is not set.

* `contact` - (Optional) A `contact` block as documented below.

* `description` - (Optional) A description of the API Management API, which may include HTML formatting tags.

* `import` - (Optional) A `import` block as documented below.

* `license` - (Optional) A `license` block as documented below.

* `oauth2Authorization` - (Optional) An `oauth2Authorization` block as documented below.

* `openidAuthentication` - (Optional) An `openidAuthentication` block as documented below.

* `serviceUrl` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the backend service implementing this API.

* `soapPassThrough` - (Optional) Should this API expose a SOAP frontend, rather than a HTTP frontend? Defaults to `false`.

-> **NOTE:** This property has been deprecated in favour of the `apiType` property and will be removed in version 4.0 of the provider.

* `subscriptionKeyParameterNames` - (Optional) A `subscriptionKeyParameterNames` block as documented below.

* `subscriptionRequired` - (Optional) Should this API require a subscription key? Defaults to `true`.

* `termsOfServiceUrl` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the Terms of Service for the API.

* `version` - (Optional) The Version number of this API, if this API is versioned.

* `versionSetId` - (Optional) The ID of the Version Set which this API is associated with.

-> **NOTE:** When `version` is set, `versionSetId` must also be specified

* `revisionDescription` - (Optional) The description of the API Revision of the API Management API.

* `versionDescription` - (Optional) The description of the API Version of the API Management API.

* `sourceApiId` - (Optional) The API id of the source API, which could be in format `azurermApiManagementApiExampleId` or in format `azurermApiManagementApiExampleId;rev=1`

---

A `contact` block supports the following:

* `email` - (Optional) The email address of the contact person/organization.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the contact person/organization.

* `url` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the contact information.

---

A `import` block supports the following:

* `contentFormat` - (Required) The format of the content from which the API Definition should be imported. Possible values are: `openapi`, `openapi+json`, `openapi+jsonLink`, `openapiLink`, `swaggerJson`, `swaggerLinkJson`, `wadlLinkJson`, `wadlXml`, `wsdl` and `wsdlLink`.

* `contentValue` - (Required) The Content from which the API Definition should be imported. When a `contentFormat` of `*Link-*` is specified this must be a URL, otherwise this must be defined inline.

* `wsdlSelector` - (Optional) A `wsdlSelector` block as defined below, which allows you to limit the import of a WSDL to only a subset of the document. This can only be specified when `contentFormat` is `wsdl` or `wsdlLink`.

---

A `license` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the license .

* `url` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the license.

---

A `oauth2Authorization` block supports the following:

* `authorizationServerName` - (Required) OAuth authorization server identifier. The name of an [OAuth2 Authorization Server](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/api_management_authorization_server.html).

* `scope` - (Optional) Operations scope.

---

A `openidAuthentication` block supports the following:

* `openidProviderName` - (Required) OpenID Connect provider identifier. The name of an [OpenID Connect Provider](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/api_management_openid_connect_provider.html).

* `bearerTokenSendingMethods` - (Optional) How to send token to the server. A list of zero or more methods. Valid values are `authorizationHeader` and `query`.

---

A `subscriptionKeyParameterNames` block supports the following:

* `header` - (Required) The name of the HTTP Header which should be used for the Subscription Key.

* `query` - (Required) The name of the QueryString parameter which should be used for the Subscription Key.

---

A `wsdlSelector` block supports the following:

* `serviceName` - (Required) The name of service to import from WSDL.

* `endpointName` - (Required) The name of endpoint (port) to import from WSDL.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the API Management API.

* `isCurrent` - Is this the current API Revision?

* `isOnline` - Is this API Revision online/accessible via the Gateway?

* `version` - (Optional) The Version number of this API, if this API is versioned.

* `versionSetId` - (Optional) The ID of the Version Set which this API is associated with.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the API Management API.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the API Management API.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the API Management API.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the API Management API.

## Import

API Management API's can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_api_management_api.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.ApiManagement/service/instance1/apis/api1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-323629d54cac9aa39f14c7fb96b3a2cd19b4640472164f00906a95de32d3d92a -->