---
subcategory: "CosmosDB (DocumentDB)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_graph"
description: |-
  Manages a Gremlin Graph within a Cosmos DB Account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_graph

Manages a Gremlin Graph within a Cosmos DB Account.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAzurermCosmosdbAccountExample =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermCosmosdbAccount.DataAzurermCosmosdbAccount(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          name: "tfex-cosmosdb-account",
          resourceGroupName: "tfex-cosmosdb-account-rg",
        }
      );
    const azurermCosmosdbGremlinDatabaseExample =
      new azurerm.cosmosdbGremlinDatabase.CosmosdbGremlinDatabase(
        this,
        "example_1",
        {
          accountName: cdktf.Token.asString(
            dataAzurermCosmosdbAccountExample.name
          ),
          name: "tfex-cosmos-gremlin-db",
          resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
            dataAzurermCosmosdbAccountExample.resourceGroupName
          ),
        }
      );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermCosmosdbGremlinDatabaseExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    const azurermCosmosdbGremlinGraphExample =
      new azurerm.cosmosdbGremlinGraph.CosmosdbGremlinGraph(this, "example_2", {
        accountName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          dataAzurermCosmosdbAccountExample.name
        ),
        conflictResolutionPolicy: {
          conflictResolutionPath: "/_ts",
          mode: "LastWriterWins",
        },
        databaseName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermCosmosdbGremlinDatabaseExample.name
        ),
        indexPolicy: {
          automatic: true,
          excludedPaths: ['/\\"_etag\\"/?'],
          includedPaths: ["/*"],
          indexingMode: "consistent",
        },
        name: "tfex-cosmos-gremlin-graph",
        partitionKeyPath: "/Example",
        resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          dataAzurermCosmosdbAccountExample.resourceGroupName
        ),
        throughput: 400,
        uniqueKey: [
          {
            paths: ["/definition/id1", "/definition/id2"],
          },
        ],
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermCosmosdbGremlinGraphExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
  }
}

```

-> **NOTE:** The CosmosDB Account needs to have the `enableGremlin` capability enabled to use this resource - which can be done by adding this to the `capabilities` list within the `azurermCosmosdbAccount` resource.

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Cosmos DB Gremlin Graph. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which the Cosmos DB Gremlin Graph is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `accountName` - (Required) The name of the CosmosDB Account to create the Gremlin Graph within. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `databaseName` - (Required) The name of the Cosmos DB Graph Database in which the Cosmos DB Gremlin Graph is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `partitionKeyPath` - (Required) Define a partition key. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `partitionKeyVersion` - (Optional) Define a partition key version. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Possible values are `1`and `2`. This should be set to `2` in order to use large partition keys.

* `throughput` - (Optional) The throughput of the Gremlin graph (RU/s). Must be set in increments of `100`. The minimum value is `400`. This must be set upon database creation otherwise it cannot be updated without a manual terraform destroy-apply.

* `defaultTtl` - (Optional) The default time to live (TTL) of the Gremlin graph. If the value is missing or set to "-1", items don’t expire.

* `autoscaleSettings` - (Optional) An `autoscaleSettings` block as defined below. This must be set upon database creation otherwise it cannot be updated without a manual terraform destroy-apply. Requires `partitionKeyPath` to be set.

~> **Note:** Switching between autoscale and manual throughput is not supported via Terraform and must be completed via the Azure Portal and refreshed.

* `indexPolicy` - (Optional) The configuration of the indexing policy. One or more `indexPolicy` blocks as defined below.

* `conflictResolutionPolicy` - (Optional) A `conflictResolutionPolicy` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `uniqueKey` - (Optional) One or more `uniqueKey` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

An `autoscaleSettings` block supports the following:

* `maxThroughput` - (Optional) The maximum throughput of the Gremlin graph (RU/s). Must be between `1,000` and `1,000,000`. Must be set in increments of `1,000`. Conflicts with `throughput`.

---

An `indexPolicy` block supports the following:

* `automatic` - (Optional) Indicates if the indexing policy is automatic. Defaults to `true`.

* `indexingMode` - (Required) Indicates the indexing mode. Possible values include: `consistent`, `lazy`, `none`.

* `includedPaths` - (Optional) List of paths to include in the indexing. Required if `indexingMode` is `consistent` or `lazy`.

* `excludedPaths` - (Optional) List of paths to exclude from indexing. Required if `indexingMode` is `consistent` or `lazy`.

* `compositeIndex` - (Optional) One or more `compositeIndex` blocks as defined below.

* `spatialIndex` - (Optional) One or more `spatialIndex` blocks as defined below.

---

A `spatialIndex` block supports the following:

* `path` - (Required) Path for which the indexing behaviour applies to. According to the service design, all spatial types including `lineString`, `multiPolygon`, `point`, and `polygon` will be applied to the path.

---

An `conflictResolutionPolicy` block supports the following:

* `mode` - (Required) Indicates the conflict resolution mode. Possible values include: `lastWriterWins`, `custom`.

* `conflictResolutionPath` - (Optional) The conflict resolution path in the case of LastWriterWins mode.

* `conflictResolutionProcedure` - (Optional) The procedure to resolve conflicts in the case of custom mode.

---

An `uniqueKey` block supports the following:

* `paths` - (Required) A list of paths to use for this unique key. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `compositeIndex` block supports the following:

* `index` - (Required) One or more `index` blocks as defined below.

---

An `index` block supports the following:

* `path` - (Required) Path for which the indexing behaviour applies to.

* `order` - (Required) Order of the index. Possible values are `ascending` or `descending`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.

## Import

Cosmos Gremlin Graphs can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_graph.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/rg1/providers/Microsoft.DocumentDB/databaseAccounts/account1/gremlinDatabases/db1/graphs/graphs1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2f2113574092473ed633c5c7354d54e3ac278a58b13047ea887450dcf1bd5024 -->