---
subcategory: "Cost Management"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cost_management_scheduled_action"
description: |-
  Manages an Azure Cost Management Scheduled Action.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_cost_management_scheduled_action

Manages an Azure Cost Management Scheduled Action.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new azurerm.costManagementScheduledAction.CostManagementScheduledAction(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        displayName: "Report Last 6 Months",
        emailAddressSender: "platformteam@test.com",
        emailAddresses: ["example@example.com"],
        emailSubject: "Cost Management Report",
        endDate: "2023-02-02T00:00:00Z",
        frequency: "Daily",
        message: "Hi all, take a look at last 6 months spending!",
        name: "examplescheduledaction",
        startDate: "2023-01-02T00:00:00Z",
        viewId:
          "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/providers/Microsoft.CostManagement/views/ms:CostByService",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `displayName` - (Required) User visible input name of the Cost Management Scheduled Action.

* `emailAddressSender` - (Required) Email address of the point of contact that should get the unsubscribe requests of Scheduled Action notification emails.

* `emailAddresses` - (Required) Specifies a list of email addresses that will receive the Scheduled Action.

* `emailSubject` - (Required) Subject of the email. Length is limited to 70 characters.

* `endDate` - (Required) The end date and time of the Scheduled Action (UTC).

* `frequency` - (Required) Frequency of the schedule. Possible values are `daily`, `monthly` and `weekly`. Value `monthly` requires either `weeksOfMonth` and `daysOfWeek` or `dayOfMonth` to be specified. Value `weekly` requires `daysOfWeek` to be specified.

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Azure Cost Management Scheduled Action. Changing this forces a new Azure Cost Management Scheduled Action to be created.

* `startDate` - (Required) The start date and time of the Scheduled Action (UTC).

* `viewId` - (Required) The ID of the Cost Management View that is used by the Scheduled Action.

---

* `dayOfMonth` - (Optional) UTC day on which cost analysis data will be emailed. Must be between `1` and `31`. This property is applicable when `frequency` is `monthly`.

* `daysOfWeek` - (Optional) Specifies a list of day names on which cost analysis data will be emailed. This property is applicable when frequency is `weekly` or `monthly`.

* `hourOfDay` - (Optional) UTC time at which cost analysis data will be emailed. Must be between `0` and `23`.

* `message` - (Optional) Message to be added in the email. Length is limited to 250 characters.

* `weeksOfMonth` - (Optional) Specifies a list of weeks in which cost analysis data will be emailed. This property is applicable when `frequency` is `monthly` and used in combination with `daysOfWeek`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the Azure Cost Management Scheduled Action.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Azure Cost Management Scheduled Action.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Azure Cost Management Scheduled Action.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Azure Cost Management Scheduled Action.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Azure Cost Management Scheduled Action.

## Import

Azure Cost Management Scheduled Actions can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_cost_management_scheduled_action.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/providers/Microsoft.CostManagement/scheduledActions/scheduledaction1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-71a940ab9d759e861fd31f3636cad57c9b89a601b07d101848d4c9f9d495a384 -->