---
subcategory: "Datadog"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_datadog_monitor"
description: |-
  Manages a Datadog Monitor.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_datadog_monitor

Manages a datadog Monitor.

## Example Usage

### Monitor creation with linking to Datadog organization

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        location: "West US 2",
        name: "example-datadog",
      }
    );
    const azurermDatadogMonitorExample =
      new azurerm.datadogMonitor.DatadogMonitor(this, "example_1", {
        datadogOrganization: {
          apiKey: "XXXX",
          applicationKey: "XXXX",
        },
        identity: {
          type: "SystemAssigned",
        },
        location: cdktf.Token.asString(azurermResourceGroupExample.location),
        name: "example-monitor",
        resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermResourceGroupExample.name
        ),
        skuName: "Linked",
        user: {
          email: "abc@xyz.com",
          name: "Example",
        },
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermDatadogMonitorExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
  }
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the user that will be associated with the Datadog Monitor. Changing this forces a new Datadog Monitor to be created.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Datadog Monitor should exist. Changing this forces a new Datadog Monitor to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Datadog Monitor should exist. Changing this forces a new Datadog Monitor to be created.

* `skuName` - (Required) The name which should be used for this sku.

* `identity` - (Optional) A `identity` block as defined below.

* `user` - (Required) A `user` block as defined below.

* `datadogOrganization` - (Required) A `datadogOrganization` block as defined below.

* `monitoringEnabled` - (Optional) Is monitoring enabled? Defaults to`true`.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Datadog Monitor.

---

A `datadogOrganization` block exports the following:

* `apiKey` - (Required) Api key associated to the Datadog organization. Changing this forces a new Datadog Monitor to be created.

* `applicationKey` - (Required) Application key associated to the Datadog organization. Changing this forces a new Datadog Monitor to be created.

* `enterpriseAppId` - (Optional) The ID of the enterprise_app. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `linkingAuthCode` - (Optional) The auth code used to linking to an existing Datadog organization. Changing this forces a new Datadog Monitor to be created.

* `linkingClientId` - (Optional) The ID of the linking_client. Changing this forces a new Datadog Monitor to be created.

* `redirectUri` - (Optional) The redirect uri for linking. Changing this forces a new Datadog Monitor to be created.

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the identity type of the Datadog Monitor. At this time the only allowed value is `systemAssigned`.

> **NOTE:** The assigned `principalId` and `tenantId` can be retrieved after the identity `type` has been set to `systemAssigned` and the Datadog Monitor has been created. More details are available below.
---

An `user` block exports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this user_info. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `email` - (Required) Email of the user used by Datadog for contacting them if needed. Changing this forces a new Datadog Monitor to be created.

* `phoneNumber` - (Optional) Phone number of the user used by Datadog for contacting them if needed. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Datadog Monitor.

* `identity` - A `identity` block as defined below.

* `marketplaceSubscriptionStatus` - Flag specifying the Marketplace Subscription Status of the resource. If payment is not made in time, the resource will go in Suspended state.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `principalId` - The Principal ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this Datadog Monitor.

* `tenantId` - The Tenant ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this Datadog Monitor.

-> You can access the Principal ID via `${azurermDatadogMonitorExampleIdentity0PrincipalId}` and the Tenant ID via `${azurermDatadogMonitorExampleIdentity0TenantId}`

## Role Assignment

To enable metrics flow, perform role assignment on the identity created above. `Monitoring reader(43d0d8ad-25c7-4714-9337-8ba259a9fe05)` role is required .

### Role assignment on the monitor created

```hcl
data "azurerm_subscription" "primary" {}

data "azurerm_role_definition" "monitoring_reader" {
  name = "Monitoring Reader"
}

resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "example" {
  scope              = data.azurerm_subscription.primary.id
  role_definition_id = data.azurerm_role_definition.monitoring_reader.role_definition_id
  principal_id       = azurerm_datadog_monitor.example.identity.0.principal_id
}
```

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Datadog Monitor.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Datadog Monitor.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Datadog Monitor.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Datadog Monitor.

## Import

Datadog Monitors can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_datadog_monitor.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Datadog/monitors/monitor1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-0b29b2176ffe6f8cd8c9e1d73f5c35cb325f6f96e568e4a01ee1c76e29408fd0 -->