---
subcategory: "DNS"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_dns_zone"
description: |-
  Manages a DNS Zone.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_dns_zone

Enables you to manage DNS zones within Azure DNS. These zones are hosted on Azure's name servers to which you can delegate the zone from the parent domain.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        location: "West Europe",
        name: "example-resources",
      }
    );
    new azurerm.dnsZone.DnsZone(this, "example-public", {
      name: "mydomain.com",
      resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(azurermResourceGroupExample.name),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the DNS Zone. Must be a valid domain name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) Specifies the resource group where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `soaRecord` - (Optional) An `soaRecord` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

The `soaRecord` block supports:

* `email` - (Required) The email contact for the SOA record.

* `hostName` - (Required) The domain name of the authoritative name server for the SOA record.

* `expireTime` - (Optional) The expire time for the SOA record. Defaults to `2419200`.

* `minimumTtl` - (Optional) The minimum Time To Live for the SOA record. By convention, it is used to determine the negative caching duration. Defaults to `300`.

* `refreshTime` - (Optional) The refresh time for the SOA record. Defaults to `3600`.

* `retryTime` - (Optional) The retry time for the SOA record. Defaults to `300`.

* `serialNumber` - (Optional) The serial number for the SOA record. Defaults to `1`.

* `ttl` - (Optional) The Time To Live of the SOA Record in seconds. Defaults to `3600`.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the Record Set.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The DNS Zone ID.

* `maxNumberOfRecordSets` - (Optional) Maximum number of Records in the zone. Defaults to `1000`.

* `numberOfRecordSets` - (Optional) The number of records already in the zone.

* `nameServers` - (Optional) A list of values that make up the NS record for the zone.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the DNS Zone.

* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the DNS Zone.

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the DNS Zone.

* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the DNS Zone.

## Import

DNS Zones can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_dns_zone.zone1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Network/dnsZones/zone1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-8a7567ef48dedf7e5f1a41a7c3d34a083145c6da6c815b39f7ad4a7c46185128 -->