---
subcategory: "Elastic"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_elastic_cloud_elasticsearch"
description: |-
  Manages an Elasticsearch cluster in Elastic Cloud.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_elastic_cloud_elasticsearch

Manages an Elasticsearch in Elastic Cloud.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const azurermResourceGroupTest = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
      this,
      "test",
      {
        location: "West Europe",
        name: "example-resources",
      }
    );
    const azurermElasticCloudElasticsearchTest =
      new azurerm.elasticCloudElasticsearch.ElasticCloudElasticsearch(
        this,
        "test_1",
        {
          elasticCloudEmailAddress: "user@example.com",
          location: cdktf.Token.asString(azurermResourceGroupTest.location),
          name: "example-elasticsearch",
          resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
            azurermResourceGroupTest.name
          ),
          skuName: "ess-monthly-consumption_Monthly",
        }
      );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermElasticCloudElasticsearchTest.overrideLogicalId("test");
  }
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `elasticCloudEmailAddress` - (Required) Specifies the Email Address which should be associated with this Elasticsearch account. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Elasticsearch resource should exist. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Elasticsearch resource. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created. 

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Elasticsearch resource should exist. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

* `skuName` - (Required) Specifies the name of the SKU for this Elasticsearch. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

---

* `logs` - (Optional) A `logs` block as defined below.

* `monitoringEnabled` - (Optional) Specifies if the Elasticsearch should have monitoring configured? Defaults to `true`. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Elasticsearch resource.

---

The `filteringTag` block supports the following:

* `action` - (Required) Specifies the type of action which should be taken when the Tag matches the `name` and `value`. Possible values are `exclude` and `include`.

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name (key) of the Tag which should be filtered.

* `value` - (Required) Specifies the value of the Tag which should be filtered.

---

The `logs` block supports the following:

* `filteringTag` - (Optional) A list of `filteringTag` blocks as defined above.

* `sendActivityLogs` - (Optional) Specifies if the Azure Activity Logs should be sent to the Elasticsearch cluster. Defaults to `false`.

* `sendAzureadLogs` - (Optional) Specifies if the AzureAD Logs should be sent to the Elasticsearch cluster. Defaults to `false`.

* `sendSubscriptionLogs` - (Optional) Specifies if the Azure Subscription Logs should be sent to the Elasticsearch cluster. Defaults to `false`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Elasticsearch.

* `elasticCloudDeploymentId` - The ID of the Deployment within Elastic Cloud.

* `elasticCloudSsoDefaultUrl` - The Default URL used for Single Sign On (SSO) to Elastic Cloud.

* `elasticCloudUserId` - The ID of the User Account within Elastic Cloud.

* `elasticsearchServiceUrl` - The URL to the Elasticsearch Service associated with this Elasticsearch.

* `kibanaServiceUrl` - The URL to the Kibana Dashboard associated with this Elasticsearch.

* `kibanaSsoUri` - The URI used for SSO to the Kibana Dashboard associated with this Elasticsearch.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when creating the Elasticsearch.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Elasticsearch.
* `update` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when updating the Elasticsearch.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when deleting the Elasticsearch.

## Import

Elasticsearch's can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_elastic_cloud_elasticsearch.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Elastic/monitors/monitor1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-7252f20f60e46d420ae90f9b7e9cdd5e42a3181eba4c16617de8f59093e33f10 -->