---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_eventgrid_system_topic"
description: |-
  Manages an Event Grid System Topic
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_eventgrid_system_topic

Manages an Event Grid System Topic.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        location: "West Europe",
        name: "example-resources",
      }
    );
    const azurermStorageAccountExample =
      new azurerm.storageAccount.StorageAccount(this, "example_1", {
        accountReplicationType: "LRS",
        accountTier: "Standard",
        location: cdktf.Token.asString(azurermResourceGroupExample.location),
        name: "examplestoracct",
        resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermResourceGroupExample.name
        ),
        tags: {
          environment: "staging",
        },
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermStorageAccountExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    const azurermEventgridSystemTopicExample =
      new azurerm.eventgridSystemTopic.EventgridSystemTopic(this, "example_2", {
        location: cdktf.Token.asString(azurermResourceGroupExample.location),
        name: "example-topic",
        resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermResourceGroupExample.name
        ),
        sourceArmResourceId: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermStorageAccountExample.id
        ),
        topicType: "Microsoft.Storage.StorageAccounts",
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermEventgridSystemTopicExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
  }
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Event Grid System Topic should exist. Changing this forces a new Event Grid System Topic to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Event Grid System Topic. Changing this forces a new Event Grid System Topic to be created.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Event Grid System Topic should exist. Changing this forces a new Event Grid System Topic to be created.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

* `sourceArmResourceId` - (Required) The ID of the Event Grid System Topic ARM Source. Changing this forces a new Event Grid System Topic to be created.

* `topicType` - (Required) The Topic Type of the Event Grid System Topic. The topic type is validated by Azure and there may be additional topic types beyond the following: `microsoftAppConfigurationConfigurationStores`, `microsoftCommunicationCommunicationServices`, `microsoftContainerRegistryRegistries`, `microsoftDevicesIoTHubs`, `microsoftEventGridDomains`, `microsoftEventGridTopics`, `microsoftEventhubNamespaces`, `microsoftKeyVaultVaults`, `microsoftMachineLearningServicesWorkspaces`, `microsoftMapsAccounts`, `microsoftMediaMediaServices`, `microsoftResourcesResourceGroups`, `microsoftResourcesSubscriptions`, `microsoftServiceBusNamespaces`, `microsoftSignalRServiceSignalR`, `microsoftStorageStorageAccounts`, `microsoftWebServerFarms` and `microsoftWebSites`. Changing this forces a new Event Grid System Topic to be created.

~> **NOTE:** Some `topicType`s (e.g. **Microsoft.Resources.Subscriptions**) requires location to be set to `global` instead of a real location like `West US`.

~> **NOTE:** You can use Azure CLI to get a full list of the available topic types: `az eventgrid topic-type  list --output json | grep -w id`

---

A `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Event Grid System Topic. Possible values are `systemAssigned`, `userAssigned`.

* `identityIds` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Event Grid System Topic.

~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `userAssigned`

~> **NOTE:** When `type` is set to `systemAssigned`, The assigned `principalId` and `tenantId` can be retrieved after the Event Grid System Topic has been created. More details are available below.

---

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Event Grid System Topic.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Event Grid System Topic.

* `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

* `metricArmResourceId` - The Metric ARM Resource ID of the Event Grid System Topic.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `principalId` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

* `tenantId` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

---

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Event Grid System Topic.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Event Grid System Topic.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Event Grid System Topic.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Event Grid System Topic.

## Import

Event Grid System Topic can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_eventgrid_system_topic.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.EventGrid/systemTopics/systemTopic1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-efbc26e26d0b237ffc18bbe17a8f60c6f7b872d42cc28e3851988f9a25a25fc8 -->