---
subcategory: "IoT Hub"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_iothub"
description: |-
  Manages an IotHub
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_iothub

Manages an IotHub

~> **NOTE:** Endpoints can be defined either directly on the `azurermIothub` resource, or using the `azurermIothubEndpoint_*` resources - but the two ways of defining the endpoints cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur. Also, defining a `azurermIothubEndpoint_*` resource and another endpoint of a different type directly on the `azurermIothub` resource is not supported.

~> **NOTE:** Routes can be defined either directly on the `azurermIothub` resource, or using the `azurermIothubRoute` resource - but the two cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur.

~> **NOTE:** Enrichments can be defined either directly on the `azurermIothub` resource, or using the `azurermIothubEnrichment` resource - but the two cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur.

~> **NOTE:** Fallback route can be defined either directly on the `azurermIothub` resource, or using the `azurermIothubFallbackRoute` resource - but the two cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur.

~> **NOTE:** File upload can be defined either directly on the `azurermIothub` resource, or using the `azurermIothubFileUpload` resource - but the two cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        location: "West Europe",
        name: "example-resources",
      }
    );
    const azurermStorageAccountExample =
      new azurerm.storageAccount.StorageAccount(this, "example_1", {
        accountReplicationType: "LRS",
        accountTier: "Standard",
        location: cdktf.Token.asString(azurermResourceGroupExample.location),
        name: "examplestorage",
        resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermResourceGroupExample.name
        ),
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermStorageAccountExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    const azurermStorageContainerExample =
      new azurerm.storageContainer.StorageContainer(this, "example_2", {
        containerAccessType: "private",
        name: "examplecontainer",
        storageAccountName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermStorageAccountExample.name
        ),
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermStorageContainerExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    const azurermEventhubNamespaceExample =
      new azurerm.eventhubNamespace.EventhubNamespace(this, "example_3", {
        location: cdktf.Token.asString(azurermResourceGroupExample.location),
        name: "example-namespace",
        resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermResourceGroupExample.name
        ),
        sku: "Basic",
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermEventhubNamespaceExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    const azurermEventhubExample = new azurerm.eventhub.Eventhub(
      this,
      "example_4",
      {
        messageRetention: 1,
        name: "example-eventhub",
        namespaceName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermEventhubNamespaceExample.name
        ),
        partitionCount: 2,
        resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
          azurermResourceGroupExample.name
        ),
      }
    );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermEventhubExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    const azurermEventhubAuthorizationRuleExample =
      new azurerm.eventhubAuthorizationRule.EventhubAuthorizationRule(
        this,
        "example_5",
        {
          eventhubName: cdktf.Token.asString(azurermEventhubExample.name),
          name: "acctest",
          namespaceName: cdktf.Token.asString(
            azurermEventhubNamespaceExample.name
          ),
          resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
            azurermResourceGroupExample.name
          ),
          send: true,
        }
      );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermEventhubAuthorizationRuleExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    const azurermIothubExample = new azurerm.iothub.Iothub(this, "example_6", {
      cloudToDevice: {
        defaultTtl: "PT1H",
        feedback: [
          {
            lockDuration: "PT30S",
            maxDeliveryCount: 15,
            timeToLive: "PT1H10M",
          },
        ],
        maxDeliveryCount: 30,
      },
      endpoint: [
        {
          batchFrequencyInSeconds: 60,
          connectionString: cdktf.Token.asString(
            azurermStorageAccountExample.primaryBlobConnectionString
          ),
          containerName: cdktf.Token.asString(
            azurermStorageContainerExample.name
          ),
          encoding: "Avro",
          fileNameFormat: "{iothub}/{partition}_{YYYY}_{MM}_{DD}_{HH}_{mm}",
          maxChunkSizeInBytes: 10485760,
          name: "export",
          type: "AzureIotHub.StorageContainer",
        },
        {
          connectionString: cdktf.Token.asString(
            azurermEventhubAuthorizationRuleExample.primaryConnectionString
          ),
          name: "export2",
          type: "AzureIotHub.EventHub",
        },
      ],
      enrichment: [
        {
          endpointNames: ["export", "export2"],
          key: "tenant",
          value: "$twin.tags.Tenant",
        },
      ],
      location: cdktf.Token.asString(azurermResourceGroupExample.location),
      name: "Example-IoTHub",
      resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(azurermResourceGroupExample.name),
      route: [
        {
          condition: "true",
          enabled: true,
          endpointNames: ["export"],
          name: "export",
          source: "DeviceMessages",
        },
        {
          condition: "true",
          enabled: true,
          endpointNames: ["export2"],
          name: "export2",
          source: "DeviceMessages",
        },
      ],
      sku: {
        capacity: cdktf.Token.asNumber("1"),
        name: "S1",
      },
      tags: {
        purpose: "testing",
      },
    });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermIothubExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the IotHub resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group under which the IotHub resource has to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource has to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Required) A `sku` block as defined below.

* `eventHubPartitionCount` - (Optional) The number of device-to-cloud partitions used by backing event hubs. Must be between `2` and `128`.

* `eventHubRetentionInDays` - (Optional) The event hub retention to use in days. Must be between `1` and `7`.

* `endpoint` - (Optional) An `endpoint` block as defined below.

* `fallbackRoute` - (Optional) A `fallbackRoute` block as defined below. If the fallback route is enabled, messages that don't match any of the supplied routes are automatically sent to this route. Defaults to messages/events.

~> **NOTE:** If `fallbackRoute` isn't explicitly specified, the fallback route wouldn't be enabled by default.

* `fileUpload` - (Optional) A `fileUpload` block as defined below.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

* `networkRuleSet` - (Optional) A `networkRuleSet` block as defined below.

* `route` - (Optional) A `route` block as defined below.

* `enrichment` - (Optional) A `enrichment` block as defined below.

* `cloudToDevice` - (Optional) A `cloudToDevice` block as defined below.

* `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - (Optional) Is the IotHub resource accessible from a public network?

* `minTlsVersion` - (Optional) Specifies the minimum TLS version to support for this hub. The only valid value is `12`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

A `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the sku. Possible values are `b1`, `b2`, `b3`, `f1`, `s1`, `s2`, and `s3`.

* `capacity` - (Required) The number of provisioned IoT Hub units.

~> **NOTE:** Only one IotHub can be on the `free` tier per subscription.

---

An `endpoint` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) The type of the endpoint. Possible values are `azureIotHubStorageContainer`, `azureIotHubServiceBusQueue`, `azureIotHubServiceBusTopic` or `azureIotHubEventHub`.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the endpoint. The name must be unique across endpoint types. The following names are reserved: `events`, `operationsMonitoringEvents`, `fileNotifications` and `$default`.

* `authenticationType` - (Optional) The type used to authenticate against the endpoint. Possible values are `keyBased` and `identityBased`. Defaults to `keyBased`.

* `identityId` - (Optional) The ID of the User Managed Identity used to authenticate against the endpoint.

-> **NOTE:** `identityId` can only be specified when `authenticationType` is `identityBased`. It must be one of the `identityIds` of the IoT Hub. If `identityId` is omitted when `authenticationType` is `identityBased`, then the System-Assigned Managed Identity of the IoT Hub will be used.

~> **NOTE:** An IoT Hub can only be updated to use the System-Assigned Managed Identity for `endpoint` since it is not possible to grant access to the endpoint until after creation. The extracted resources `azurermIothubEndpoint_*` can be used to configure Endpoints with the IoT Hub's System-Assigned Managed Identity without the need for an update.

* `endpointUri` - (Optional) URI of the Service Bus or Event Hubs Namespace endpoint. This attribute can only be specified and is mandatory when `authenticationType` is `identityBased` for endpoint type `azureIotHubServiceBusQueue`, `azureIotHubServiceBusTopic` or `azureIotHubEventHub`.

* `entityPath` - (Optional) Name of the Service Bus Queue/Topic or Event Hub. This attribute can only be specified and is mandatory when `authenticationType` is `identityBased` for endpoint type `azureIotHubServiceBusQueue`, `azureIotHubServiceBusTopic` or `azureIotHubEventHub`.

* `connectionString` - (Optional) The connection string for the endpoint. This attribute is mandatory and can only be specified when `authenticationType` is `keyBased`.

* `batchFrequencyInSeconds` - (Optional) Time interval at which blobs are written to storage. Value should be between 60 and 720 seconds. Default value is 300 seconds. This attribute is applicable for endpoint type `azureIotHubStorageContainer`.

* `maxChunkSizeInBytes` - (Optional) Maximum number of bytes for each blob written to storage. Value should be between 10485760(10MB) and 524288000(500MB). Default value is 314572800(300MB). This attribute is applicable for endpoint type `azureIotHubStorageContainer`.

* `containerName` - (Optional) The name of storage container in the storage account. This attribute is mandatory for endpoint type `azureIotHubStorageContainer`.

* `encoding` - (Optional) Encoding that is used to serialize messages to blobs. Supported values are `avro`, `avroDeflate` and `json`. Default value is `avro`. This attribute is applicable for endpoint type `azureIotHubStorageContainer`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `fileNameFormat` - (Optional) File name format for the blob. Default format is `{iothub}/{partition}/{yyyy}/{mm}/{dd}/{hh}/{mm}`. All parameters are mandatory but can be reordered. This attribute is applicable for endpoint type `azureIotHubStorageContainer`.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Optional) The resource group in which the endpoint will be created.

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this IoT Hub. Possible values are `systemAssigned`, `userAssigned`, `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned` (to enable both).

* `identityIds` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this IoT Hub.

~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `userAssigned` or `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`.

---

A `networkRuleSet` block supports the following:

* `defaultAction` - (Optional) Default Action for Network Rule Set. Possible values are `deny`, `allow`. Defaults to `deny`.

* `applyToBuiltinEventhubEndpoint` - (Optional) Determines if Network Rule Set is also applied to the BuiltIn EventHub EndPoint of the IotHub. Defaults to `false`.

* `ipRule` - (Optional) One or more `ipRule` blocks as defined below.

---

A `ipRule` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the IP rule.

* `ipMask` - (Required) The IP address range in CIDR notation for the IP rule.

* `action` - (Optional) The desired action for requests captured by this rule. Possible values are `allow`. Defaults to `allow`.

---

A `route` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the route.

* `source` - (Required) The source that the routing rule is to be applied to, such as `deviceMessages`. Possible values include: `invalid`, `deviceMessages`, `twinChangeEvents`, `deviceLifecycleEvents`, `deviceConnectionStateEvents`, `deviceJobLifecycleEvents` and `digitalTwinChangeEvents`.

* `condition` - (Optional) The condition that is evaluated to apply the routing rule. Defaults to `true`. For grammar, see: <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-query-language>.

* `endpointNames` - (Required) The list of endpoints to which messages that satisfy the condition are routed.

* `enabled` - (Required) Used to specify whether a route is enabled.

---

An `enrichment` block supports the following:

* `key` - (Required) The key of the enrichment.

* `value` - (Required) The value of the enrichment. Value can be any static string, the name of the IoT Hub sending the message (use `$iothubname`) or information from the device twin (ex: `$twinTagsLatitude`)

* `endpointNames` - (Required) The list of endpoints which will be enriched.

---

A `fallbackRoute` block supports the following:

* `source` - (Optional) The source that the routing rule is to be applied to, such as `deviceMessages`. Possible values include: `invalid`, `deviceMessages`, `twinChangeEvents`, `deviceLifecycleEvents`, `deviceConnectionStateEvents`, `deviceJobLifecycleEvents` and `digitalTwinChangeEvents`.

* `condition` - (Optional) The condition that is evaluated to apply the routing rule. Defaults to `true`. For grammar, see: <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-query-language>.

* `endpointNames` - (Optional) The endpoints to which messages that satisfy the condition are routed. Currently only 1 endpoint is allowed.

* `enabled` - (Optional) Used to specify whether the fallback route is enabled.

---

A `fileUpload` block supports the following:

* `authenticationType` - (Optional) The type used to authenticate against the storage account. Possible values are `keyBased` and `identityBased`. Defaults to `keyBased`.

* `identityId` - (Optional) The ID of the User Managed Identity used to authenticate against the storage account.

-> **NOTE:** `identityId` can only be specified when `authenticationType` is `identityBased`. It must be one of the `identityIds` of the IoT Hub. If `identityId` is omitted when `authenticationType` is `identityBased`, then the System-Assigned Managed Identity of the IoT Hub will be used.

~> **NOTE:** An IoT Hub can only be updated to use the System-Assigned Managed Identity for `fileUpload` since it is not possible to grant access to the endpoint until after creation.

* `connectionString` - (Required) The connection string for the Azure Storage account to which files are uploaded.

* `containerName` - (Required) The name of the root container where the files should be uploaded to. The container need not exist but should be creatable using the connection_string specified.

* `sasTtl` - (Optional) The period of time for which the SAS URI generated by IoT Hub for file upload is valid, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 24 hours. Defaults to `pt1H`.

* `notifications` - (Optional) Used to specify whether file notifications are sent to IoT Hub on upload. Defaults to `false`.

* `lockDuration` - (Optional) The lock duration for the file upload notifications queue, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 5 and 300 seconds. Defaults to `pt1M`.

* `defaultTtl` - (Optional) The period of time for which a file upload notification message is available to consume before it expires, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 48 hours. Defaults to `pt1H`.

* `maxDeliveryCount` - (Optional) The number of times the IoT Hub attempts to deliver a file upload notification message. Defaults to `10`.

---

A `cloudToDevice` block supports the following:

* `maxDeliveryCount` - (Optional) The maximum delivery count for cloud-to-device per-device queues. This value must be between `1` and `100`. Defaults to `10`.

* `defaultTtl` - (Optional) The default time to live for cloud-to-device messages, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 48 hours. Defaults to `pt1H`.

* `feedback` - (Optional) A `feedback` block as defined below.

---

A `feedback` block supports the following:

* `timeToLive` - (Optional) The retention time for service-bound feedback messages, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 48 hours. Defaults to `pt1H`.

* `maxDeliveryCount` - (Optional) The maximum delivery count for the feedback queue. This value must be between `1` and `100`. Defaults to `10`.

* `lockDuration` - (Optional) The lock duration for the feedback queue, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 5 and 300 seconds. Defaults to `pt60S`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the IoTHub.

* `eventHubEventsEndpoint` - The EventHub compatible endpoint for events data
* `eventHubEventsNamespace` - The EventHub namespace for events data
* `eventHubEventsPath` - The EventHub compatible path for events data
* `eventHubOperationsEndpoint` - The EventHub compatible endpoint for operational data
* `eventHubOperationsPath` - The EventHub compatible path for operational data

-> **NOTE:** These fields can be used in conjunction with the `sharedAccessPolicy` block to build a connection string

* `hostname` - The hostname of the IotHub Resource.

* `identity` - An `identity` block as documented below.

* `sharedAccessPolicy` - One or more `sharedAccessPolicy` blocks as defined below.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `principalId` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

* `tenantId` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

---

A `sharedAccessPolicy` block contains the following:

* `keyName` - The name of the shared access policy.

* `primaryKey` - The primary key.

* `secondaryKey` - The secondary key.

* `permissions` - The permissions assigned to the shared access policy.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the IotHub.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the IotHub.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the IotHub.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the IotHub.

## Import

IoTHubs can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_iothub.hub1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Devices/iotHubs/hub1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-134f64b5c2d3241ad2be1dfe33fbc575f1b6a01bfaa5ac6a767d512f2745ee39 -->