---
subcategory: "Maintenance"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_maintenance_configuration"
description: |-
  Manages a Maintenance Configuration.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_maintenance_configuration

Manages a maintenance configuration.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new azurerm.provider.AzurermProvider(this, "azurerm", {
      features: {},
    });
    const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        location: "West Europe",
        name: "example-resources",
      }
    );
    const azurermMaintenanceConfigurationExample =
      new azurerm.maintenanceConfiguration.MaintenanceConfiguration(
        this,
        "example_2",
        {
          location: cdktf.Token.asString(azurermResourceGroupExample.location),
          name: "example-mc",
          resourceGroupName: cdktf.Token.asString(
            azurermResourceGroupExample.name
          ),
          scope: "SQLDB",
          tags: {
            Env: "prod",
          },
        }
      );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    azurermMaintenanceConfigurationExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Maintenance Configuration. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Maintenance Configuration should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specified the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `scope` - (Required) The scope of the Maintenance Configuration. Possible values are `extension`, `host`, `inGuestPatch`, `osImage`, `sqldb` or `sqlManagedInstance`.

* `visibility` - (Optional) The visibility of the Maintenance Configuration. The only allowable value is `custom`.

* `window` - (Optional) A `window` block as defined below.

* `installPatches` - (Optional) An `installPatches` block as defined below.

-> **NOTE:** `installPatches` must be specified when `scope` is `inGuestPatch`.

* `inGuestUserPatchMode` - (Optional) The in guest user patch mode. Possible values are `platform` or `user`. Must be specified when `scope` is `inGuestPatch`.

* `properties` - (Optional) A mapping of properties to assign to the resource.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource. The key could not contain upper case letter.

---

A `window` block supports:

* `startDateTime` - (Required) Effective start date of the maintenance window in YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm format.

* `expirationDateTime` - (Optional) Effective expiration date of the maintenance window in YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm format.

* `duration` - (Optional) The duration of the maintenance window in HH:mm format.

* `timeZone` - (Required) The time zone for the maintenance window. A list of timezones can be obtained by executing [System.TimeZoneInfo]::GetSystemTimeZones() in PowerShell.

* `recurEvery` - (Optional) The rate at which a maintenance window is expected to recur. The rate can be expressed as daily, weekly, or monthly schedules.

---

A `installPatches` block supports:

* `linux` - (Optional) A `linux` block as defined above. This property only applies when `scope` is set to `inGuestPatch`

* `windows` - (Optional) A `windows` block as defined above. This property only applies when `scope` is set to `inGuestPatch`

* `reboot` - (Optional) Possible reboot preference as defined by the user based on which it would be decided to reboot the machine or not after the patch operation is completed. Possible values are `always`, `ifRequired` and `never`. This property only applies when `scope` is set to `inGuestPatch`.

---

A `linux` block supports:

* `classificationsToInclude` - (Optional) List of Classification category of patches to be patched. Possible values are `critical`, `security` and `other`.

* `packageNamesMaskToExclude` - (Optional) List of package names to be excluded from patching.

* `packageNamesMaskToInclude` - (Optional) List of package names to be included for patching.

---

A `windows` block supports:

* `classificationsToInclude` - (Optional) List of Classification category of patches to be patched. Possible values are `critical`, `security`, `updateRollup`, `featurePack`, `servicePack`, `definition`, `tools` and `updates`.

* `kbNumbersToExclude` - (Optional) List of KB numbers to be excluded from patching.

* `kbNumbersToInclude` - (Optional) List of KB numbers to be included for patching.

---

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Maintenance Configuration.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Maintenance Configuration.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Maintenance Configuration.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Maintenance Configuration.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Maintenance Configuration.

## Import

Maintenance Configuration can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_maintenance_configuration.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Maintenance/maintenanceConfigurations/example-mc
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-1d2cabe37fc907ad8b23166f85b8eb3bebd36e69d3b64f76bef59346d89089ed -->