---
subcategory: "API Management"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api_management_api"
description: |-
  Manages an API within an API Management Service.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_api_management_api

Manages an API within an API Management Service.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm_resource_group_example = azurerm.resource_group.ResourceGroup(self, "example",
            location="West Europe",
            name="example-resources"
        )
        azurerm_api_management_example = azurerm.api_management.ApiManagement(self, "example_1",
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="example-apim",
            publisher_email="company@terraform.io",
            publisher_name="My Company",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            sku_name="Developer_1"
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_api_management_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_api_management_api_example =
        azurerm.api_management_api.ApiManagementApi(self, "example_2",
            api_management_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_api_management_example.name),
            display_name="Example API",
            import=ApiManagementApiImport(
                content_format="swagger-link-json",
                content_value="http://conferenceapi.azurewebsites.net/?format=json"
            ),
            name="example-api",
            path="example",
            protocols=["https"],
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            revision="1"
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_api_management_api_example.override_logical_id("example")
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the API Management API. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `api_management_name` - (Required) The Name of the API Management Service where this API should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The Name of the Resource Group where the API Management API exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `revision` - (Required) The Revision which used for this API. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

* `api_type` - (Optional) Type of API. Possible values are `graphql`, `http`, `soap`, and `websocket`. Defaults to `http`.

* `display_name` - (Optional) The display name of the API.

* `path` - (Optional) The Path for this API Management API, which is a relative URL which uniquely identifies this API and all of its resource paths within the API Management Service.

* `protocols` - (Optional) A list of protocols the operations in this API can be invoked. Possible values are `http`, `https`, `ws`, and `wss`.

-> **NOTE:** `display_name`, `path` and `protocols` are required when `source_api_id` is not set.

* `contact` - (Optional) A `contact` block as documented below.

* `description` - (Optional) A description of the API Management API, which may include HTML formatting tags.

* `import` - (Optional) A `import` block as documented below.

* `license` - (Optional) A `license` block as documented below.

* `oauth2_authorization` - (Optional) An `oauth2_authorization` block as documented below.

* `openid_authentication` - (Optional) An `openid_authentication` block as documented below.

* `service_url` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the backend service implementing this API.

* `soap_pass_through` - (Optional) Should this API expose a SOAP frontend, rather than a HTTP frontend? Defaults to `false`.

-> **NOTE:** This property has been deprecated in favour of the `api_type` property and will be removed in version 4.0 of the provider.

* `subscription_key_parameter_names` - (Optional) A `subscription_key_parameter_names` block as documented below.

* `subscription_required` - (Optional) Should this API require a subscription key? Defaults to `true`.

* `terms_of_service_url` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the Terms of Service for the API.

* `version` - (Optional) The Version number of this API, if this API is versioned.

* `version_set_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Version Set which this API is associated with.

-> **NOTE:** When `version` is set, `version_set_id` must also be specified

* `revision_description` - (Optional) The description of the API Revision of the API Management API.

* `version_description` - (Optional) The description of the API Version of the API Management API.

* `source_api_id` - (Optional) The API id of the source API, which could be in format `azurerm_api_management_api.example.id` or in format `azurerm_api_management_api.example.id;rev=1`

---

A `contact` block supports the following:

* `email` - (Optional) The email address of the contact person/organization.

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the contact person/organization.

* `url` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the contact information.

---

A `import` block supports the following:

* `content_format` - (Required) The format of the content from which the API Definition should be imported. Possible values are: `openapi`, `openapi+json`, `openapi+json-link`, `openapi-link`, `swagger-json`, `swagger-link-json`, `wadl-link-json`, `wadl-xml`, `wsdl` and `wsdl-link`.

* `content_value` - (Required) The Content from which the API Definition should be imported. When a `content_format` of `*-link-*` is specified this must be a URL, otherwise this must be defined inline.

* `wsdl_selector` - (Optional) A `wsdl_selector` block as defined below, which allows you to limit the import of a WSDL to only a subset of the document. This can only be specified when `content_format` is `wsdl` or `wsdl-link`.

---

A `license` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the license .

* `url` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the license.

---

A `oauth2_authorization` block supports the following:

* `authorization_server_name` - (Required) OAuth authorization server identifier. The name of an [OAuth2 Authorization Server](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/api_management_authorization_server.html).

* `scope` - (Optional) Operations scope.

---

A `openid_authentication` block supports the following:

* `openid_provider_name` - (Required) OpenID Connect provider identifier. The name of an [OpenID Connect Provider](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/api_management_openid_connect_provider.html).

* `bearer_token_sending_methods` - (Optional) How to send token to the server. A list of zero or more methods. Valid values are `authorizationHeader` and `query`.

---

A `subscription_key_parameter_names` block supports the following:

* `header` - (Required) The name of the HTTP Header which should be used for the Subscription Key.

* `query` - (Required) The name of the QueryString parameter which should be used for the Subscription Key.

---

A `wsdl_selector` block supports the following:

* `service_name` - (Required) The name of service to import from WSDL.

* `endpoint_name` - (Required) The name of endpoint (port) to import from WSDL.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the API Management API.

* `is_current` - Is this the current API Revision?

* `is_online` - Is this API Revision online/accessible via the Gateway?

* `version` - (Optional) The Version number of this API, if this API is versioned.

* `version_set_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Version Set which this API is associated with.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the API Management API.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the API Management API.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the API Management API.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the API Management API.

## Import

API Management API's can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_api_management_api.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.ApiManagement/service/instance1/apis/api1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-323629d54cac9aa39f14c7fb96b3a2cd19b4640472164f00906a95de32d3d92a -->