---
subcategory: "CosmosDB (DocumentDB)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_graph"
description: |-
  Manages a Gremlin Graph within a Cosmos DB Account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_graph

Manages a Gremlin Graph within a Cosmos DB Account.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_azurerm_cosmosdb_account_example =
        azurerm.data_azurerm_cosmosdb_account.DataAzurermCosmosdbAccount(self, "example",
            name="tfex-cosmosdb-account",
            resource_group_name="tfex-cosmosdb-account-rg"
        )
        azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_database_example =
        azurerm.cosmosdb_gremlin_database.CosmosdbGremlinDatabase(self, "example_1",
            account_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(data_azurerm_cosmosdb_account_example.name),
            name="tfex-cosmos-gremlin-db",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(data_azurerm_cosmosdb_account_example.resource_group_name)
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_database_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_graph_example =
        azurerm.cosmosdb_gremlin_graph.CosmosdbGremlinGraph(self, "example_2",
            account_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(data_azurerm_cosmosdb_account_example.name),
            conflict_resolution_policy=CosmosdbGremlinGraphConflictResolutionPolicy(
                conflict_resolution_path="/_ts",
                mode="LastWriterWins"
            ),
            database_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_database_example.name),
            index_policy=CosmosdbGremlinGraphIndexPolicy(
                automatic=True,
                excluded_paths=["/\\\"_etag\\\"/?"],
                included_paths=["/*"],
                indexing_mode="consistent"
            ),
            name="tfex-cosmos-gremlin-graph",
            partition_key_path="/Example",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(data_azurerm_cosmosdb_account_example.resource_group_name),
            throughput=400,
            unique_key=[CosmosdbGremlinGraphUniqueKey(
                paths=["/definition/id1", "/definition/id2"]
            )
            ]
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_graph_example.override_logical_id("example")
```

-> **NOTE:** The CosmosDB Account needs to have the `EnableGremlin` capability enabled to use this resource - which can be done by adding this to the `capabilities` list within the `azurerm_cosmosdb_account` resource.

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Cosmos DB Gremlin Graph. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which the Cosmos DB Gremlin Graph is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `account_name` - (Required) The name of the CosmosDB Account to create the Gremlin Graph within. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `database_name` - (Required) The name of the Cosmos DB Graph Database in which the Cosmos DB Gremlin Graph is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `partition_key_path` - (Required) Define a partition key. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `partition_key_version` - (Optional) Define a partition key version. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Possible values are `1`and `2`. This should be set to `2` in order to use large partition keys.

* `throughput` - (Optional) The throughput of the Gremlin graph (RU/s). Must be set in increments of `100`. The minimum value is `400`. This must be set upon database creation otherwise it cannot be updated without a manual terraform destroy-apply.

* `default_ttl` - (Optional) The default time to live (TTL) of the Gremlin graph. If the value is missing or set to "-1", items don’t expire.

* `autoscale_settings` - (Optional) An `autoscale_settings` block as defined below. This must be set upon database creation otherwise it cannot be updated without a manual terraform destroy-apply. Requires `partition_key_path` to be set.

~> **Note:** Switching between autoscale and manual throughput is not supported via Terraform and must be completed via the Azure Portal and refreshed.

* `index_policy` - (Optional) The configuration of the indexing policy. One or more `index_policy` blocks as defined below.

* `conflict_resolution_policy` - (Optional) A `conflict_resolution_policy` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `unique_key` - (Optional) One or more `unique_key` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

An `autoscale_settings` block supports the following:

* `max_throughput` - (Optional) The maximum throughput of the Gremlin graph (RU/s). Must be between `1,000` and `1,000,000`. Must be set in increments of `1,000`. Conflicts with `throughput`.

---

An `index_policy` block supports the following:

* `automatic` - (Optional) Indicates if the indexing policy is automatic. Defaults to `true`.

* `indexing_mode` - (Required) Indicates the indexing mode. Possible values include: `Consistent`, `Lazy`, `None`.

* `included_paths` - (Optional) List of paths to include in the indexing. Required if `indexing_mode` is `Consistent` or `Lazy`.

* `excluded_paths` - (Optional) List of paths to exclude from indexing. Required if `indexing_mode` is `Consistent` or `Lazy`.

* `composite_index` - (Optional) One or more `composite_index` blocks as defined below.

* `spatial_index` - (Optional) One or more `spatial_index` blocks as defined below.

---

A `spatial_index` block supports the following:

* `path` - (Required) Path for which the indexing behaviour applies to. According to the service design, all spatial types including `LineString`, `MultiPolygon`, `Point`, and `Polygon` will be applied to the path.

---

An `conflict_resolution_policy` block supports the following:

* `mode` - (Required) Indicates the conflict resolution mode. Possible values include: `LastWriterWins`, `Custom`.

* `conflict_resolution_path` - (Optional) The conflict resolution path in the case of LastWriterWins mode.

* `conflict_resolution_procedure` - (Optional) The procedure to resolve conflicts in the case of custom mode.

---

An `unique_key` block supports the following:

* `paths` - (Required) A list of paths to use for this unique key. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `composite_index` block supports the following:

* `index` - (Required) One or more `index` blocks as defined below.

---

An `index` block supports the following:

* `path` - (Required) Path for which the indexing behaviour applies to.

* `order` - (Required) Order of the index. Possible values are `Ascending` or `Descending`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.

## Import

Cosmos Gremlin Graphs can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_graph.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/rg1/providers/Microsoft.DocumentDB/databaseAccounts/account1/gremlinDatabases/db1/graphs/graphs1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2f2113574092473ed633c5c7354d54e3ac278a58b13047ea887450dcf1bd5024 -->