---
subcategory: "Elastic"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_elastic_cloud_elasticsearch"
description: |-
  Manages an Elasticsearch cluster in Elastic Cloud.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_elastic_cloud_elasticsearch

Manages an Elasticsearch in Elastic Cloud.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm_resource_group_test = azurerm.resource_group.ResourceGroup(self, "test",
            location="West Europe",
            name="example-resources"
        )
        azurerm_elastic_cloud_elasticsearch_test =
        azurerm.elastic_cloud_elasticsearch.ElasticCloudElasticsearch(self, "test_1",
            elastic_cloud_email_address="user@example.com",
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_test.location),
            name="example-elasticsearch",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_test.name),
            sku_name="ess-monthly-consumption_Monthly"
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_elastic_cloud_elasticsearch_test.override_logical_id("test")
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `elastic_cloud_email_address` - (Required) Specifies the Email Address which should be associated with this Elasticsearch account. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Elasticsearch resource should exist. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Elasticsearch resource. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created. 

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Elasticsearch resource should exist. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

* `sku_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the SKU for this Elasticsearch. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

---

* `logs` - (Optional) A `logs` block as defined below.

* `monitoring_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies if the Elasticsearch should have monitoring configured? Defaults to `true`. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Elasticsearch resource.

---

The `filtering_tag` block supports the following:

* `action` - (Required) Specifies the type of action which should be taken when the Tag matches the `name` and `value`. Possible values are `Exclude` and `Include`.

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name (key) of the Tag which should be filtered.

* `value` - (Required) Specifies the value of the Tag which should be filtered.

---

The `logs` block supports the following:

* `filtering_tag` - (Optional) A list of `filtering_tag` blocks as defined above.

* `send_activity_logs` - (Optional) Specifies if the Azure Activity Logs should be sent to the Elasticsearch cluster. Defaults to `false`.

* `send_azuread_logs` - (Optional) Specifies if the AzureAD Logs should be sent to the Elasticsearch cluster. Defaults to `false`.

* `send_subscription_logs` - (Optional) Specifies if the Azure Subscription Logs should be sent to the Elasticsearch cluster. Defaults to `false`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Elasticsearch.

* `elastic_cloud_deployment_id` - The ID of the Deployment within Elastic Cloud.

* `elastic_cloud_sso_default_url` - The Default URL used for Single Sign On (SSO) to Elastic Cloud.

* `elastic_cloud_user_id` - The ID of the User Account within Elastic Cloud.

* `elasticsearch_service_url` - The URL to the Elasticsearch Service associated with this Elasticsearch.

* `kibana_service_url` - The URL to the Kibana Dashboard associated with this Elasticsearch.

* `kibana_sso_uri` - The URI used for SSO to the Kibana Dashboard associated with this Elasticsearch.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when creating the Elasticsearch.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Elasticsearch.
* `update` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when updating the Elasticsearch.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when deleting the Elasticsearch.

## Import

Elasticsearch's can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_elastic_cloud_elasticsearch.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Elastic/monitors/monitor1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-7252f20f60e46d420ae90f9b7e9cdd5e42a3181eba4c16617de8f59093e33f10 -->