---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_eventgrid_domain"
description: |-
  Manages an EventGrid Domain

---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_eventgrid_domain

Manages an EventGrid Domain

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm_resource_group_example = azurerm.resource_group.ResourceGroup(self, "example",
            location="West Europe",
            name="example-resources"
        )
        azurerm_eventgrid_domain_example =
        azurerm.eventgrid_domain.EventgridDomain(self, "example_1",
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="my-eventgrid-domain",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            tags={
                "environment": "Production"
            }
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_eventgrid_domain_example.override_logical_id("example")
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the EventGrid Domain resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which the EventGrid Domain exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

* `input_schema` - (Optional) Specifies the schema in which incoming events will be published to this domain. Allowed values are `CloudEventSchemaV1_0`, `CustomEventSchema`, or `EventGridSchema`. Defaults to `eventgridschema`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `input_mapping_fields` - (Optional) A `input_mapping_fields` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `input_mapping_default_values` - (Optional) A `input_mapping_default_values` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `public_network_access_enabled` - (Optional) Whether or not public network access is allowed for this server. Defaults to `true`.

* `local_auth_enabled` - (Optional) Whether local authentication methods is enabled for the EventGrid Domain. Defaults to `true`.

* `auto_create_topic_with_first_subscription` - (Optional) Whether to create the domain topic when the first event subscription at the scope of the domain topic is created. Defaults to `true`.

* `auto_delete_topic_with_last_subscription` - (Optional) Whether to delete the domain topic when the last event subscription at the scope of the domain topic is deleted. Defaults to `true`.

* `inbound_ip_rule` - (Optional) One or more `inbound_ip_rule` blocks as defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

A `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Event Grid Domain. Possible values are `SystemAssigned`, `UserAssigned`.

* `identity_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Event Grid Domain.

~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `UserAssigned`

~> **NOTE:** When `type` is set to `SystemAssigned`, The assigned `principal_id` and `tenant_id` can be retrieved after the Event Grid Domain has been created. More details are available below.

---

A `input_mapping_fields` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Optional) Specifies the id of the EventGrid Event to associate with the domain. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `topic` - (Optional) Specifies the topic of the EventGrid Event to associate with the domain. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `event_type` - (Optional) Specifies the event type of the EventGrid Event to associate with the domain. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `event_time` - (Optional) Specifies the event time of the EventGrid Event to associate with the domain. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `data_version` - (Optional) Specifies the data version of the EventGrid Event to associate with the domain. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `subject` - (Optional) Specifies the subject of the EventGrid Event to associate with the domain. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `input_mapping_default_values` block supports the following:

* `event_type` - (Optional) Specifies the default event type of the EventGrid Event to associate with the domain. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `data_version` - (Optional) Specifies the default data version of the EventGrid Event to associate with the domain. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `subject` - (Optional) Specifies the default subject of the EventGrid Event to associate with the domain. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `inbound_ip_rule` block supports the following:

* `ip_mask` - (Required) The IP mask (CIDR) to match on.

* `action` - (Optional) The action to take when the rule is matched. Possible values are `Allow`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the EventGrid Domain.

* `endpoint` - The Endpoint associated with the EventGrid Domain.

* `primary_access_key` - The Primary Shared Access Key associated with the EventGrid Domain.

* `secondary_access_key` - The Secondary Shared Access Key associated with the EventGrid Domain.

* `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below, which contains the Managed Service Identity information for this Event Grid Domain.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `principal_id` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

* `tenant_id` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

---

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the EventGrid Domain.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the EventGrid Domain.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the EventGrid Domain.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the EventGrid Domain.

## Import

EventGrid Domains can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_eventgrid_domain.domain1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.EventGrid/domains/domain1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-5e7124d35d6405c71386ae55927e417c200735b5a9aaaf73510fbcbe31b9138d -->