---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_eventgrid_system_topic"
description: |-
  Manages an Event Grid System Topic
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_eventgrid_system_topic

Manages an Event Grid System Topic.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm_resource_group_example = azurerm.resource_group.ResourceGroup(self, "example",
            location="West Europe",
            name="example-resources"
        )
        azurerm_storage_account_example =
        azurerm.storage_account.StorageAccount(self, "example_1",
            account_replication_type="LRS",
            account_tier="Standard",
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="examplestoracct",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            tags={
                "environment": "staging"
            }
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_storage_account_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_eventgrid_system_topic_example =
        azurerm.eventgrid_system_topic.EventgridSystemTopic(self, "example_2",
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="example-topic",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            source_arm_resource_id=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_storage_account_example.id),
            topic_type="Microsoft.Storage.StorageAccounts"
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_eventgrid_system_topic_example.override_logical_id("example")
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Event Grid System Topic should exist. Changing this forces a new Event Grid System Topic to be created.

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Event Grid System Topic. Changing this forces a new Event Grid System Topic to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Event Grid System Topic should exist. Changing this forces a new Event Grid System Topic to be created.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

* `source_arm_resource_id` - (Required) The ID of the Event Grid System Topic ARM Source. Changing this forces a new Event Grid System Topic to be created.

* `topic_type` - (Required) The Topic Type of the Event Grid System Topic. The topic type is validated by Azure and there may be additional topic types beyond the following: `Microsoft.AppConfiguration.ConfigurationStores`, `Microsoft.Communication.CommunicationServices`, `Microsoft.ContainerRegistry.Registries`, `Microsoft.Devices.IoTHubs`, `Microsoft.EventGrid.Domains`, `Microsoft.EventGrid.Topics`, `Microsoft.Eventhub.Namespaces`, `Microsoft.KeyVault.vaults`, `Microsoft.MachineLearningServices.Workspaces`, `Microsoft.Maps.Accounts`, `Microsoft.Media.MediaServices`, `Microsoft.Resources.ResourceGroups`, `Microsoft.Resources.Subscriptions`, `Microsoft.ServiceBus.Namespaces`, `Microsoft.SignalRService.SignalR`, `Microsoft.Storage.StorageAccounts`, `Microsoft.Web.ServerFarms` and `Microsoft.Web.Sites`. Changing this forces a new Event Grid System Topic to be created.

~> **NOTE:** Some `topic_type`s (e.g. **Microsoft.Resources.Subscriptions**) requires location to be set to `Global` instead of a real location like `West US`.

~> **NOTE:** You can use Azure CLI to get a full list of the available topic types: `az eventgrid topic-type  list --output json | grep -w id`

---

A `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Event Grid System Topic. Possible values are `SystemAssigned`, `UserAssigned`.

* `identity_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Event Grid System Topic.

~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `UserAssigned`

~> **NOTE:** When `type` is set to `SystemAssigned`, The assigned `principal_id` and `tenant_id` can be retrieved after the Event Grid System Topic has been created. More details are available below.

---

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Event Grid System Topic.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Event Grid System Topic.

* `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

* `metric_arm_resource_id` - The Metric ARM Resource ID of the Event Grid System Topic.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `principal_id` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

* `tenant_id` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

---

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Event Grid System Topic.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Event Grid System Topic.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Event Grid System Topic.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Event Grid System Topic.

## Import

Event Grid System Topic can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_eventgrid_system_topic.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.EventGrid/systemTopics/systemTopic1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-efbc26e26d0b237ffc18bbe17a8f60c6f7b872d42cc28e3851988f9a25a25fc8 -->