---
subcategory: "Storage"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_hpc_cache"
description: |-
  Manages a HPC Cache.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_hpc_cache

Manages a HPC Cache.

~> **Note:** By request of the service team the provider no longer automatically registering the `Microsoft.StorageCache` Resource Provider for this resource. To register it you can run `az provider register --namespace 'Microsoft.StorageCache'`.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm_resource_group_example = azurerm.resource_group.ResourceGroup(self, "example",
            location="West Europe",
            name="example-resources"
        )
        azurerm_virtual_network_example =
        azurerm.virtual_network.VirtualNetwork(self, "example_1",
            address_space=["10.0.0.0/16"],
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="examplevn",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name)
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_virtual_network_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_subnet_example = azurerm.subnet.Subnet(self, "example_2",
            address_prefixes=["10.0.1.0/24"],
            name="examplesubnet",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            virtual_network_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_virtual_network_example.name)
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_subnet_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_hpc_cache_example = azurerm.hpc_cache.HpcCache(self, "example_3",
            cache_size_in_gb=3072,
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="examplehpccache",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            sku_name="Standard_2G",
            subnet_id=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_subnet_example.id)
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_hpc_cache_example.override_logical_id("example")
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the HPC Cache. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which to create the HPC Cache. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure Region where the HPC Cache should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cache_size_in_gb` - (Required) The size of the HPC Cache, in GB. Possible values are `3072`, `6144`, `12288`, `21623`, `24576`, `43246`, `49152` and `86491`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

-> **NOTE:** The `21623`, `43246` and `86491` sizes are restricted to read only resources.

* `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the Subnet for the HPC Cache. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku_name` - (Required) The SKU of HPC Cache to use. Possible values are (ReadWrite) - `Standard_2G`, `Standard_4G` `Standard_8G` or (ReadOnly) - `Standard_L4_5G`, `Standard_L9G`, and `Standard_L16G`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

-> **NOTE:** The read-only SKUs have restricted cache sizes. `Standard_L4_5G` must be set to `21623`. `Standard_L9G` to `43246` and `Standard_L16G` to `86491`.

---

* `mtu` - (Optional) The IPv4 maximum transmission unit configured for the subnet of the HPC Cache. Possible values range from 576 - 1500. Defaults to `1500`.

* `default_access_policy` - (Optional) A `default_access_policy` block as defined below.

* `ntp_server` - (Optional) The NTP server IP Address or FQDN for the HPC Cache. Defaults to `time.windows.com`.

* `dns` - (Optional) A `dns` block as defined below.

* `directory_active_directory` - (Optional) A `directory_active_directory` block as defined below.

* `directory_flat_file` - (Optional) A `directory_flat_file` block as defined below.

* `directory_ldap` - (Optional) A `directory_ldap` block as defined below.

~> **Note:** Only one of `directory_active_directory`, `directory_flat_file` and `directory_ldap` can be set.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `key_vault_key_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Key Vault Key which should be used to encrypt the data in this HPC Cache.

* `automatically_rotate_key_to_latest_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether the HPC Cache automatically rotates Encryption Key to the latest version.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the HPC Cache.

---

An `access_rule` block contains the following:

* `scope` - (Required) The scope of this rule. The `scope` and (potentially) the `filter` determine which clients match the rule. Possible values are: `default`, `network`, `host`.

~> **Note:** Each `access_rule` should set a unique `scope`.

* `access` - (Required) The access level for this rule. Possible values are: `rw`, `ro`, `no`.

* `filter` - (Optional) The filter applied to the `scope` for this rule. The filter's format depends on its scope: `default` scope matches all clients and has no filter value; `network` scope takes a CIDR format; `host` takes an IP address or fully qualified domain name. If a client does not match any filter rule and there is no default rule, access is denied.

* `suid_enabled` - (Optional) Whether [SUID](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/hpc-cache/access-policies#suid) is allowed? 

* `submount_access_enabled` - (Optional) Whether allow access to subdirectories under the root export? 

* `root_squash_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable [root squash](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/hpc-cache/access-policies#root-squash)? 

* `anonymous_uid` - (Optional) The anonymous UID used when `root_squash_enabled` is `true`.

* `anonymous_gid` - (Optional) The anonymous GID used when `root_squash_enabled` is `true`.

---

A `bind` block contains the following:

* `dn` - (Required) The Bind Distinguished Name (DN) identity to be used in the secure LDAP connection.

* `password` - (Required) The Bind password to be used in the secure LDAP connection.

---

A `default_access_policy` block contains the following:

* `access_rule` - (Required) One to three `access_rule` blocks as defined above.

---

A `directory_active_directory` block contains the following:

* `dns_primary_ip` - (Required) The primary DNS IP address used to resolve the Active Directory domain controller's FQDN.

* `domain_name` - (Required) The fully qualified domain name of the Active Directory domain controller.

* `cache_netbios_name` - (Required) The NetBIOS name to assign to the HPC Cache when it joins the Active Directory domain as a server.

* `domain_netbios_name` - (Required) The Active Directory domain's NetBIOS name.

* `username` - (Required) The username of the Active Directory domain administrator.

* `password` - (Required) The password of the Active Directory domain administrator.

* `dns_secondary_ip` - (Optional) The secondary DNS IP address used to resolve the Active Directory domain controller's FQDN.

---

A `directory_flat_file` block contains the following:

* `group_file_uri` - (Required) The URI of the file containing group information (`/etc/group` file format in Unix-like OS).

* `password_file_uri` - (Required) The URI of the file containing user information (`/etc/passwd` file format in Unix-like OS).

---

A `directory_ldap` block contains the following:

* `server` - (Required) The FQDN or IP address of the LDAP server.

* `base_dn` - (Required) The base distinguished name (DN) for the LDAP domain.

* `encrypted` - (Optional) Whether the LDAP connection should be encrypted? 

* `certificate_validation_uri` - (Optional) The URI of the CA certificate to validate the LDAP secure connection.

* `download_certificate_automatically` - (Optional) Whether the certificate should be automatically downloaded. This can be set to `true` only when `certificate_validation_uri` is provided.

* `bind` - (Optional) A `bind` block as defined above.

---

A `dns` block contains the following:

* `servers` - (Required) A list of DNS servers for the HPC Cache. At most three IP(s) are allowed to set.

* `search_domain` - (Optional) The DNS search domain for the HPC Cache.

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this HPC Cache. Only possible value is `UserAssigned`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `identity_ids` - (Required) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this HPC Cache. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The `id` of the HPC Cache.

* `mount_addresses` - A list of IP Addresses where the HPC Cache can be mounted.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when creating the HPC Cache.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the HPC Cache.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when deleting the HPC Cache.
* `update` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when updating the Hpc Cache.

## Import

HPC Caches can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_hpc_cache.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resourceGroupName/providers/Microsoft.StorageCache/caches/cacheName
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-29f9a0879b23d54f1be3ba4a655d0417cd0fedbe259779368982e0774085b094 -->