---
subcategory: "IoT Hub"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_iothub"
description: |-
  Manages an IotHub
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_iothub

Manages an IotHub

~> **NOTE:** Endpoints can be defined either directly on the `azurerm_iothub` resource, or using the `azurerm_iothub_endpoint_*` resources - but the two ways of defining the endpoints cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur. Also, defining a `azurerm_iothub_endpoint_*` resource and another endpoint of a different type directly on the `azurerm_iothub` resource is not supported.

~> **NOTE:** Routes can be defined either directly on the `azurerm_iothub` resource, or using the `azurerm_iothub_route` resource - but the two cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur.

~> **NOTE:** Enrichments can be defined either directly on the `azurerm_iothub` resource, or using the `azurerm_iothub_enrichment` resource - but the two cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur.

~> **NOTE:** Fallback route can be defined either directly on the `azurerm_iothub` resource, or using the `azurerm_iothub_fallback_route` resource - but the two cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur.

~> **NOTE:** File upload can be defined either directly on the `azurerm_iothub` resource, or using the `azurerm_iothub_file_upload` resource - but the two cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm_resource_group_example = azurerm.resource_group.ResourceGroup(self, "example",
            location="West Europe",
            name="example-resources"
        )
        azurerm_storage_account_example =
        azurerm.storage_account.StorageAccount(self, "example_1",
            account_replication_type="LRS",
            account_tier="Standard",
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="examplestorage",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name)
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_storage_account_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_storage_container_example =
        azurerm.storage_container.StorageContainer(self, "example_2",
            container_access_type="private",
            name="examplecontainer",
            storage_account_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_storage_account_example.name)
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_storage_container_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_eventhub_namespace_example =
        azurerm.eventhub_namespace.EventhubNamespace(self, "example_3",
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="example-namespace",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            sku="Basic"
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_eventhub_namespace_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_eventhub_example = azurerm.eventhub.Eventhub(self, "example_4",
            message_retention=1,
            name="example-eventhub",
            namespace_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_eventhub_namespace_example.name),
            partition_count=2,
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name)
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_eventhub_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_eventhub_authorization_rule_example =
        azurerm.eventhub_authorization_rule.EventhubAuthorizationRule(self, "example_5",
            eventhub_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_eventhub_example.name),
            name="acctest",
            namespace_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_eventhub_namespace_example.name),
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            send=True
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_eventhub_authorization_rule_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_iothub_example = azurerm.iothub.Iothub(self, "example_6",
            cloud_to_device=IothubCloudToDevice(
                default_ttl="PT1H",
                feedback=[IothubCloudToDeviceFeedback(
                    lock_duration="PT30S",
                    max_delivery_count=15,
                    time_to_live="PT1H10M"
                )
                ],
                max_delivery_count=30
            ),
            endpoint=[IothubEndpoint(
                batch_frequency_in_seconds=60,
                connection_string=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_storage_account_example.primary_blob_connection_string),
                container_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_storage_container_example.name),
                encoding="Avro",
                file_name_format="{iothub}/{partition}_{YYYY}_{MM}_{DD}_{HH}_{mm}",
                max_chunk_size_in_bytes=10485760,
                name="export",
                type="AzureIotHub.StorageContainer"
            ), IothubEndpoint(
                connection_string=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_eventhub_authorization_rule_example.primary_connection_string),
                name="export2",
                type="AzureIotHub.EventHub"
            )
            ],
            enrichment=[IothubEnrichment(
                endpoint_names=["export", "export2"],
                key="tenant",
                value="$twin.tags.Tenant"
            )
            ],
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="Example-IoTHub",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            route=[IothubRoute(
                condition="true",
                enabled=True,
                endpoint_names=["export"],
                name="export",
                source="DeviceMessages"
            ), IothubRoute(
                condition="true",
                enabled=True,
                endpoint_names=["export2"],
                name="export2",
                source="DeviceMessages"
            )
            ],
            sku=IothubSku(
                capacity=cdktf.Token.as_number("1"),
                name="S1"
            ),
            tags={
                "purpose": "testing"
            }
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_iothub_example.override_logical_id("example")
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the IotHub resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group under which the IotHub resource has to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource has to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Required) A `sku` block as defined below.

* `event_hub_partition_count` - (Optional) The number of device-to-cloud partitions used by backing event hubs. Must be between `2` and `128`.

* `event_hub_retention_in_days` - (Optional) The event hub retention to use in days. Must be between `1` and `7`.

* `endpoint` - (Optional) An `endpoint` block as defined below.

* `fallback_route` - (Optional) A `fallback_route` block as defined below. If the fallback route is enabled, messages that don't match any of the supplied routes are automatically sent to this route. Defaults to messages/events.

~> **NOTE:** If `fallback_route` isn't explicitly specified, the fallback route wouldn't be enabled by default.

* `file_upload` - (Optional) A `file_upload` block as defined below.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

* `network_rule_set` - (Optional) A `network_rule_set` block as defined below.

* `route` - (Optional) A `route` block as defined below.

* `enrichment` - (Optional) A `enrichment` block as defined below.

* `cloud_to_device` - (Optional) A `cloud_to_device` block as defined below.

* `public_network_access_enabled` - (Optional) Is the IotHub resource accessible from a public network?

* `min_tls_version` - (Optional) Specifies the minimum TLS version to support for this hub. The only valid value is `1.2`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

A `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the sku. Possible values are `B1`, `B2`, `B3`, `F1`, `S1`, `S2`, and `S3`.

* `capacity` - (Required) The number of provisioned IoT Hub units.

~> **NOTE:** Only one IotHub can be on the `Free` tier per subscription.

---

An `endpoint` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) The type of the endpoint. Possible values are `AzureIotHub.StorageContainer`, `AzureIotHub.ServiceBusQueue`, `AzureIotHub.ServiceBusTopic` or `AzureIotHub.EventHub`.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the endpoint. The name must be unique across endpoint types. The following names are reserved: `events`, `operationsMonitoringEvents`, `fileNotifications` and `$default`.

* `authentication_type` - (Optional) The type used to authenticate against the endpoint. Possible values are `keyBased` and `identityBased`. Defaults to `keyBased`.

* `identity_id` - (Optional) The ID of the User Managed Identity used to authenticate against the endpoint.

-> **NOTE:** `identity_id` can only be specified when `authentication_type` is `identityBased`. It must be one of the `identity_ids` of the IoT Hub. If `identity_id` is omitted when `authentication_type` is `identityBased`, then the System-Assigned Managed Identity of the IoT Hub will be used.

~> **NOTE:** An IoT Hub can only be updated to use the System-Assigned Managed Identity for `endpoint` since it is not possible to grant access to the endpoint until after creation. The extracted resources `azurerm_iothub_endpoint_*` can be used to configure Endpoints with the IoT Hub's System-Assigned Managed Identity without the need for an update.

* `endpoint_uri` - (Optional) URI of the Service Bus or Event Hubs Namespace endpoint. This attribute can only be specified and is mandatory when `authentication_type` is `identityBased` for endpoint type `AzureIotHub.ServiceBusQueue`, `AzureIotHub.ServiceBusTopic` or `AzureIotHub.EventHub`.

* `entity_path` - (Optional) Name of the Service Bus Queue/Topic or Event Hub. This attribute can only be specified and is mandatory when `authentication_type` is `identityBased` for endpoint type `AzureIotHub.ServiceBusQueue`, `AzureIotHub.ServiceBusTopic` or `AzureIotHub.EventHub`.

* `connection_string` - (Optional) The connection string for the endpoint. This attribute is mandatory and can only be specified when `authentication_type` is `keyBased`.

* `batch_frequency_in_seconds` - (Optional) Time interval at which blobs are written to storage. Value should be between 60 and 720 seconds. Default value is 300 seconds. This attribute is applicable for endpoint type `AzureIotHub.StorageContainer`.

* `max_chunk_size_in_bytes` - (Optional) Maximum number of bytes for each blob written to storage. Value should be between 10485760(10MB) and 524288000(500MB). Default value is 314572800(300MB). This attribute is applicable for endpoint type `AzureIotHub.StorageContainer`.

* `container_name` - (Optional) The name of storage container in the storage account. This attribute is mandatory for endpoint type `AzureIotHub.StorageContainer`.

* `encoding` - (Optional) Encoding that is used to serialize messages to blobs. Supported values are `Avro`, `AvroDeflate` and `JSON`. Default value is `Avro`. This attribute is applicable for endpoint type `AzureIotHub.StorageContainer`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `file_name_format` - (Optional) File name format for the blob. Default format is `{iothub}/{partition}/{YYYY}/{MM}/{DD}/{HH}/{mm}`. All parameters are mandatory but can be reordered. This attribute is applicable for endpoint type `AzureIotHub.StorageContainer`.

* `resource_group_name` - (Optional) The resource group in which the endpoint will be created.

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this IoT Hub. Possible values are `SystemAssigned`, `UserAssigned`, `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned` (to enable both).

* `identity_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this IoT Hub.

~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `UserAssigned` or `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`.

---

A `network_rule_set` block supports the following:

* `default_action` - (Optional) Default Action for Network Rule Set. Possible values are `Deny`, `Allow`. Defaults to `Deny`.

* `apply_to_builtin_eventhub_endpoint` - (Optional) Determines if Network Rule Set is also applied to the BuiltIn EventHub EndPoint of the IotHub. Defaults to `false`.

* `ip_rule` - (Optional) One or more `ip_rule` blocks as defined below.

---

A `ip_rule` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the IP rule.

* `ip_mask` - (Required) The IP address range in CIDR notation for the IP rule.

* `action` - (Optional) The desired action for requests captured by this rule. Possible values are `Allow`. Defaults to `Allow`.

---

A `route` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the route.

* `source` - (Required) The source that the routing rule is to be applied to, such as `DeviceMessages`. Possible values include: `Invalid`, `DeviceMessages`, `TwinChangeEvents`, `DeviceLifecycleEvents`, `DeviceConnectionStateEvents`, `DeviceJobLifecycleEvents` and `DigitalTwinChangeEvents`.

* `condition` - (Optional) The condition that is evaluated to apply the routing rule. Defaults to `true`. For grammar, see: <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-query-language>.

* `endpoint_names` - (Required) The list of endpoints to which messages that satisfy the condition are routed.

* `enabled` - (Required) Used to specify whether a route is enabled.

---

An `enrichment` block supports the following:

* `key` - (Required) The key of the enrichment.

* `value` - (Required) The value of the enrichment. Value can be any static string, the name of the IoT Hub sending the message (use `$iothubname`) or information from the device twin (ex: `$twin.tags.latitude`)

* `endpoint_names` - (Required) The list of endpoints which will be enriched.

---

A `fallback_route` block supports the following:

* `source` - (Optional) The source that the routing rule is to be applied to, such as `DeviceMessages`. Possible values include: `Invalid`, `DeviceMessages`, `TwinChangeEvents`, `DeviceLifecycleEvents`, `DeviceConnectionStateEvents`, `DeviceJobLifecycleEvents` and `DigitalTwinChangeEvents`.

* `condition` - (Optional) The condition that is evaluated to apply the routing rule. Defaults to `true`. For grammar, see: <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-query-language>.

* `endpoint_names` - (Optional) The endpoints to which messages that satisfy the condition are routed. Currently only 1 endpoint is allowed.

* `enabled` - (Optional) Used to specify whether the fallback route is enabled.

---

A `file_upload` block supports the following:

* `authentication_type` - (Optional) The type used to authenticate against the storage account. Possible values are `keyBased` and `identityBased`. Defaults to `keyBased`.

* `identity_id` - (Optional) The ID of the User Managed Identity used to authenticate against the storage account.

-> **NOTE:** `identity_id` can only be specified when `authentication_type` is `identityBased`. It must be one of the `identity_ids` of the IoT Hub. If `identity_id` is omitted when `authentication_type` is `identityBased`, then the System-Assigned Managed Identity of the IoT Hub will be used.

~> **NOTE:** An IoT Hub can only be updated to use the System-Assigned Managed Identity for `file_upload` since it is not possible to grant access to the endpoint until after creation.

* `connection_string` - (Required) The connection string for the Azure Storage account to which files are uploaded.

* `container_name` - (Required) The name of the root container where the files should be uploaded to. The container need not exist but should be creatable using the connection_string specified.

* `sas_ttl` - (Optional) The period of time for which the SAS URI generated by IoT Hub for file upload is valid, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 24 hours. Defaults to `PT1H`.

* `notifications` - (Optional) Used to specify whether file notifications are sent to IoT Hub on upload. Defaults to `false`.

* `lock_duration` - (Optional) The lock duration for the file upload notifications queue, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 5 and 300 seconds. Defaults to `PT1M`.

* `default_ttl` - (Optional) The period of time for which a file upload notification message is available to consume before it expires, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 48 hours. Defaults to `PT1H`.

* `max_delivery_count` - (Optional) The number of times the IoT Hub attempts to deliver a file upload notification message. Defaults to `10`.

---

A `cloud_to_device` block supports the following:

* `max_delivery_count` - (Optional) The maximum delivery count for cloud-to-device per-device queues. This value must be between `1` and `100`. Defaults to `10`.

* `default_ttl` - (Optional) The default time to live for cloud-to-device messages, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 48 hours. Defaults to `PT1H`.

* `feedback` - (Optional) A `feedback` block as defined below.

---

A `feedback` block supports the following:

* `time_to_live` - (Optional) The retention time for service-bound feedback messages, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 48 hours. Defaults to `PT1H`.

* `max_delivery_count` - (Optional) The maximum delivery count for the feedback queue. This value must be between `1` and `100`. Defaults to `10`.

* `lock_duration` - (Optional) The lock duration for the feedback queue, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 5 and 300 seconds. Defaults to `PT60S`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the IoTHub.

* `event_hub_events_endpoint` - The EventHub compatible endpoint for events data
* `event_hub_events_namespace` - The EventHub namespace for events data
* `event_hub_events_path` - The EventHub compatible path for events data
* `event_hub_operations_endpoint` - The EventHub compatible endpoint for operational data
* `event_hub_operations_path` - The EventHub compatible path for operational data

-> **NOTE:** These fields can be used in conjunction with the `shared_access_policy` block to build a connection string

* `hostname` - The hostname of the IotHub Resource.

* `identity` - An `identity` block as documented below.

* `shared_access_policy` - One or more `shared_access_policy` blocks as defined below.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `principal_id` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

* `tenant_id` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

---

A `shared_access_policy` block contains the following:

* `key_name` - The name of the shared access policy.

* `primary_key` - The primary key.

* `secondary_key` - The secondary key.

* `permissions` - The permissions assigned to the shared access policy.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the IotHub.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the IotHub.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the IotHub.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the IotHub.

## Import

IoTHubs can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_iothub.hub1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Devices/iotHubs/hub1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-134f64b5c2d3241ad2be1dfe33fbc575f1b6a01bfaa5ac6a767d512f2745ee39 -->