---
subcategory: "IoT Hub"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_iothub_dps"
description: |-
  Manages an IoT Device Provisioning Service.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_iothub_dps

Manages an IotHub Device Provisioning Service.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm_resource_group_example = azurerm.resource_group.ResourceGroup(self, "example",
            location="West Europe",
            name="example-resources"
        )
        azurerm_iothub_dps_example = azurerm.iothub_dps.IothubDps(self, "example_1",
            allocation_policy="Hashed",
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="example",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            sku=IothubDpsSku(
                capacity=cdktf.Token.as_number("1"),
                name="S1"
            )
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_iothub_dps_example.override_logical_id("example")
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Iot Device Provisioning Service resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group under which the Iot Device Provisioning Service resource has to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource has to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `allocation_policy` - (Optional) The allocation policy of the IoT Device Provisioning Service (`Hashed`, `GeoLatency` or `Static`). Defaults to `Hashed`.

* `data_residency_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies if the IoT Device Provisioning Service has data residency and disaster recovery enabled. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Required) A `sku` block as defined below.

* `linked_hub` - (Optional) A `linked_hub` block as defined below.

* `public_network_access_enabled` - (Optional) Whether requests from Public Network are allowed. Defaults to `true`.

* `ip_filter_rule` - (Optional) An `ip_filter_rule` block as defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

A `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the sku. Currently can only be set to `S1`.

* `capacity` - (Required) The number of provisioned IoT Device Provisioning Service units.

---

A `linked_hub` block supports the following:

* `connection_string` - (Required) The connection string to connect to the IoT Hub.

* `location` - (Required) The location of the IoT hub.

* `apply_allocation_policy` - (Optional) Determines whether to apply allocation policies to the IoT Hub. Defaults to `true`.

* `allocation_weight` - (Optional) The weight applied to the IoT Hub. Defaults to `1`.

* `hostname` - (Computed) The IoT Hub hostname.

---

An `ip_filter_rule` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the filter.

* `ip_mask` - (Required) The IP address range in CIDR notation for the rule.

* `action` - (Required) The desired action for requests captured by this rule. Possible values are `Accept`, `Reject`

* `target` - (Optional) Target for requests captured by this rule. Possible values are `All`, `DeviceApi` and `ServiceApi`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the IoT Device Provisioning Service.

* `device_provisioning_host_name` - The device endpoint of the IoT Device Provisioning Service.

* `id_scope` - The unique identifier of the IoT Device Provisioning Service.

* `service_operations_host_name` - The service endpoint of the IoT Device Provisioning Service.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the IotHub Device Provisioning Service.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the IotHub Device Provisioning Service.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the IotHub Device Provisioning Service.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the IotHub Device Provisioning Service.

## Import

IoT Device Provisioning Service can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_iothub_dps.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Devices/provisioningServices/example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-dc2bd1010f9c422fa7e5128edf787978478009c30d270e6cdd4d1ae5ec9a5e79 -->