---
subcategory: "Monitor"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2"
description: |-
  Manages an AlertingAction Scheduled Query Rules Version 2 resource within Azure Monitor
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2

Manages an AlertingAction Scheduled Query Rules Version 2 resource within Azure Monitor

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm_resource_group_example = azurerm.resource_group.ResourceGroup(self, "example",
            location="West Europe",
            name="example-resources"
        )
        azurerm_application_insights_example =
        azurerm.application_insights.ApplicationInsights(self, "example_1",
            application_type="web",
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="example-ai",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name)
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_application_insights_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_monitor_action_group_example =
        azurerm.monitor_action_group.MonitorActionGroup(self, "example_2",
            name="example-mag",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            short_name="test mag"
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_monitor_action_group_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2_example =
        azurerm.monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2.MonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlertV2(self, "example_3",
            action=MonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlertV2Action(
                action_groups=[
                    cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_monitor_action_group_example.id)
                ],
                custom_properties={
                    "key": "value",
                    "key2": "value2"
                }
            ),
            auto_mitigation_enabled=True,
            criteria=[MonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlertV2Criteria(
                dimension=[MonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlertV2CriteriaDimension(
                    name="client_CountryOrRegion",
                    operator="Exclude",
                    values=["123"]
                )
                ],
                failing_periods=MonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlertV2CriteriaFailingPeriods(
                    minimum_failing_periods_to_trigger_alert=1,
                    number_of_evaluation_periods=1
                ),
                metric_measure_column="CountByCountry",
                operator="LessThan",
                query="requests\n  | summarize CountByCountry=count() by client_CountryOrRegion\n",
                resource_id_column="client_CountryOrRegion",
                threshold=17.5,
                time_aggregation_method="Maximum"
            )
            ],
            description="example sqr",
            display_name="example-sqr",
            enabled=True,
            evaluation_frequency="PT10M",
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="example-msqrv2",
            query_time_range_override="PT1H",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            scopes=[cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_application_insights_example.id)],
            severity=4,
            skip_query_validation=True,
            tags={
                "key": "value",
                "key2": "value2"
            },
            window_duration="PT10M",
            workspace_alerts_storage_enabled=False
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2_example.override_logical_id("example")
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name which should be used for this Monitor Scheduled Query Rule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Resource Group where the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the Azure Region where the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `criteria` - (Required) A `criteria` block as defined below.

* `evaluation_frequency` - (Required) How often the scheduled query rule is evaluated, represented in ISO 8601 duration format. Possible values are `PT1M`, `PT5M`, `PT10M`, `PT15M`, `PT30M`, `PT45M`, `PT1H`, `PT2H`, `PT3H`, `PT4H`, `PT5H`, `PT6H`, `P1D`.

-> **Note** `evaluation_frequency` cannot be greater than the query look back which is `window_duration`*`number_of_evaluation_periods`.

-> **Note** `evaluation_frequency` cannot be greater than the `mute_actions_after_alert_duration`.

* `scopes` - (Required) Specifies the list of resource IDs that this scheduled query rule is scoped to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Currently, the API supports exactly 1 resource ID in the scopes list.

* `severity` - (Required) Severity of the alert. Should be an integer between 0 and 4. Value of 0 is severest.

* `window_duration` - (Required) Specifies the period of time in ISO 8601 duration format on which the Scheduled Query Rule will be executed (bin size). If `evaluation_frequency` is `PT1M`, possible values are `PT1M`, `PT5M`, `PT10M`, `PT15M`, `PT30M`, `PT45M`, `PT1H`, `PT2H`, `PT3H`, `PT4H`, `PT5H`, and `PT6H`. Otherwise, possible values are `PT5M`, `PT10M`, `PT15M`, `PT30M`, `PT45M`, `PT1H`, `PT2H`, `PT3H`, `PT4H`, `PT5H`, `PT6H`, `P1D`, and `P2D`.

* `action` - (Optional) An `action` block as defined below.

* `auto_mitigation_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies the flag that indicates whether the alert should be automatically resolved or not. Value should be `true` or `false`. The default is `false`.

* `workspace_alerts_storage_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies the flag which indicates whether this scheduled query rule check if storage is configured. Value should be `true` or `false`. The default is `false`.

* `description` - (Optional) Specifies the description of the scheduled query rule.

* `display_name` - (Optional) Specifies the display name of the alert rule.

* `enabled` - (Optional) Specifies the flag which indicates whether this scheduled query rule is enabled. Value should be `true` or `false`. The default is `true`.

* `mute_actions_after_alert_duration` - (Optional) Mute actions for the chosen period of time in ISO 8601 duration format after the alert is fired. Possible values are `PT5M`, `PT10M`, `PT15M`, `PT30M`, `PT45M`, `PT1H`, `PT2H`, `PT3H`, `PT4H`, `PT5H`, `PT6H`, `P1D` and `P2D`.

-> **NOTE** `auto_mitigation_enabled` and `mute_actions_after_alert_duration` are mutually exclusive and cannot both be set.

* `query_time_range_override` - (Optional) Set this if the alert evaluation period is different from the query time range. If not specified, the value is `window_duration`*`number_of_evaluation_periods`. Possible values are `PT5M`, `PT10M`, `PT15M`, `PT20M`, `PT30M`, `PT45M`, `PT1H`, `PT2H`, `PT3H`, `PT4H`, `PT5H`, `PT6H`, `P1D` and `P2D`.

-> **Note** `query_time_range_override` cannot be less than the query look back which is `window_duration`*`number_of_evaluation_periods`.

* `skip_query_validation` - (Optional) Specifies the flag which indicates whether the provided query should be validated or not. The default is false.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.

* `target_resource_types` - (Optional) List of resource type of the target resource(s) on which the alert is created/updated. For example if the scope is a resource group and targetResourceTypes is `Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines`, then a different alert will be fired for each virtual machine in the resource group which meet the alert criteria.

---

An `action` block supports the following:

* `action_groups` - (Optional) List of Action Group resource IDs to invoke when the alert fires.

* `custom_properties` - (Optional) Specifies the properties of an alert payload.

---

A `criteria` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) Specifies the criteria operator. Possible values are `Equal`, `GreaterThan`, `GreaterThanOrEqual`, `LessThan`,and `LessThanOrEqual`.

* `query` - (Required) The query to run on logs. The results returned by this query are used to populate the alert.

* `threshold` - (Required) Specifies the criteria threshold value that activates the alert.

* `time_aggregation_method` - (Required) The type of aggregation to apply to the data points in aggregation granularity. Possible values are `Average`, `Count`, `Maximum`, `Minimum`,and `Total`.

* `dimension` - (Optional) A `dimension` block as defined below.

* `failing_periods` - (Optional) A `failing_periods` block as defined below.

* `metric_measure_column` - (Optional) Specifies the column containing the metric measure number.

* `resource_id_column` - (Optional) Specifies the column containing the resource ID. The content of the column must be an uri formatted as resource ID.

---

A `dimension` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the dimension.

* `operator` - (Required) Operator for dimension values. Possible values are `Exclude`,and `Include`.

* `values` - (Required) List of dimension values. Use a wildcard `*` to collect all.

---

A `failing_periods` block supports the following:

* `minimum_failing_periods_to_trigger_alert` - (Required) Specifies the number of violations to trigger an alert. Should be smaller or equal to `number_of_evaluation_periods`. Possible value is integer between 1 and 6.

* `number_of_evaluation_periods` - (Required) Specifies the number of aggregated look-back points. The look-back time window is calculated based on the aggregation granularity `window_duration` and the selected number of aggregated points. Possible value is integer between 1 and 6.

-> **Note** The query look back which is `window_duration`*`number_of_evaluation_periods` cannot exceed 48 hours.

-> **Note** `number_of_evaluation_periods` must be `1` for queries that do not project timestamp column

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.

* `created_with_api_version` - The api-version used when creating this alert rule.

* `is_a_legacy_log_analytics_rule` - True if this alert rule is a legacy Log Analytic Rule.

* `is_workspace_alerts_storage_configured` - The flag indicates whether this Scheduled Query Rule has been configured to be stored in the customer's storage.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.

## Import

Monitor Scheduled Query Rule Alert can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resourceGroup1/providers/Microsoft.Insights/scheduledQueryRules/rule1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2565ef30a3d1bd46cab29508539ed99a3d9f2b4770687f7850c544eae21234e2 -->