---
subcategory: "Monitor"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_monitor_alert_processing_rule_suppression"
description: |-
  Manages an Alert Processing Rule which suppress notifications.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_monitor_alert_processing_rule_suppression

Manages an Alert Processing Rule which suppress notifications.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm_resource_group_example = azurerm.resource_group.ResourceGroup(self, "example",
            location="West Europe",
            name="example-resources"
        )
        azurerm_monitor_alert_processing_rule_suppression_example =
        azurerm.monitor_alert_processing_rule_suppression.MonitorAlertProcessingRuleSuppression(self, "example_1",
            condition=MonitorAlertProcessingRuleSuppressionCondition(
                severity=MonitorAlertProcessingRuleSuppressionConditionSeverity(
                    operator="Equals",
                    values=["Sev0", "Sev1", "Sev2"]
                ),
                target_resource_type=MonitorAlertProcessingRuleSuppressionConditionTargetResourceType(
                    operator="Equals",
                    values=["Microsoft.Compute/VirtualMachines"]
                )
            ),
            name="example",
            resource_group_name="example",
            schedule=MonitorAlertProcessingRuleSuppressionSchedule(
                effective_from="2022-01-01T01:02:03",
                effective_until="2022-02-02T01:02:03",
                recurrence=MonitorAlertProcessingRuleSuppressionScheduleRecurrence(
                    daily=[MonitorAlertProcessingRuleSuppressionScheduleRecurrenceDaily(
                        end_time="09:00:00",
                        start_time="17:00:00"
                    )
                    ],
                    weekly=[MonitorAlertProcessingRuleSuppressionScheduleRecurrenceWeekly(
                        days_of_week=["Saturday", "Sunday"]
                    )
                    ]
                ),
                time_zone="Pacific Standard Time"
            ),
            scopes=[cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.id)],
            tags={
                "foo": "bar"
            }
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_monitor_alert_processing_rule_suppression_example.override_logical_id("example")
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Alert Processing Rule. Changing this forces a new Alert Processing Rule to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Alert Processing Rule should exist. Changing this forces a new Alert Processing Rule to be created.

* `scopes` - (Required) A list of resource IDs which will be the target of Alert Processing Rule.

---

* `condition` - (Optional) A `condition` block as defined below.

* `description` - (Optional) Specifies a description for the Alert Processing Rule.

* `enabled` - (Optional) Should the Alert Processing Rule be enabled? Defaults to `true`.

* `schedule` - (Optional) A `schedule` block as defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Alert Processing Rule.

---

A `alert_context` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `Equals`, `NotEquals`, `Contains`, and `DoesNotContain`.

* `values` - (Required) Specifies a list of values to match for a given condition.

---

A `alert_rule_id` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `Equals`, `NotEquals`, `Contains`, and `DoesNotContain`.

* `values` - (Required) Specifies a list of values to match for a given condition.

---

A `alert_rule_name` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `Equals`, `NotEquals`, `Contains`, and `DoesNotContain`.

* `values` - (Required) Specifies a list of values to match for a given condition.

---

A `condition` block supports the following:

* `alert_context` - (Optional) A `alert_context` block as defined above.

* `alert_rule_id` - (Optional) A `alert_rule_id` block as defined above.

* `alert_rule_name` - (Optional) A `alert_rule_name` block as defined above.

* `description` - (Optional) A `description` block as defined below.

* `monitor_condition` - (Optional) A `monitor_condition` block as defined below.

* `monitor_service` - (Optional) A `monitor_service` block as defined below.

* `severity` - (Optional) A `severity` block as defined below.

* `signal_type` - (Optional) A `signal_type` block as defined below.

* `target_resource` - (Optional) A `target_resource` block as defined below.

* `target_resource_group` - (Optional) A `target_resource_group` block as defined below.

* `target_resource_type` - (Optional) A `target_resource_type` block as defined below.

---

A `daily` block supports the following:

* `start_time` - (Required) Specifies the recurrence start time (H:M:S).

* `end_time` - (Required) Specifies the recurrence end time (H:M:S).

---

A `description` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `Equals`, `NotEquals`, `Contains`, and `DoesNotContain`.

* `values` - (Required) Specifies a list of values to match for a given condition.

---

A `monitor_condition` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `Equals` and `NotEquals`.

* `values` - (Required) Specifies a list of values to match for a given condition. Possible values are `Fired` and `Resolved`.

---

A `monitor_service` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `Equals` and `NotEquals`.

* `values` - (Required) A list of values to match for a given condition. Possible values are `ActivityLog Administrative`, `ActivityLog Autoscale`, `ActivityLog Policy`, `ActivityLog Recommendation`, `ActivityLog Security`, `Application Insights`, `Azure Backup`, `Azure Stack Edge`, `Azure Stack Hub`, `Custom`, `Data Box Gateway`, `Health Platform`, `Log Alerts V2`, `Log Analytics`, `Platform`, `Prometheus`, `Resource Health`, `Smart Detector`, and `VM Insights - Health`.

---

A `monthly` block supports the following:

* `days_of_month` - (Required) Specifies a list of dayOfMonth to recurrence. Possible values are integers between `1` - `31`.

* `start_time` - (Optional) Specifies the recurrence start time (H:M:S).

* `end_time` - (Optional) Specifies the recurrence end time (H:M:S).

---

A `recurrence` block supports the following:

* `daily` - (Optional) One or more `daily` blocks as defined above.

* `weekly` - (Optional) One or more `weekly` blocks as defined below.

* `monthly` - (Optional) One or more `monthly` blocks as defined above.

---

A `schedule` block supports the following:

* `effective_from` - (Optional) Specifies the Alert Processing Rule effective start time (Y-m-d'T'H:M:S).

* `effective_until` - (Optional) Specifies the Alert Processing Rule effective end time (Y-m-d'T'H:M:S).

* `recurrence` - (Optional) A `recurrence` block as defined above.

* `time_zone` - (Optional) The time zone (e.g. Pacific Standard time, Eastern Standard Time). Defaults to `UTC`. [possible values are defined here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/windows/embedded/ms912391(v=winembedded.11)).

---

A `severity` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `Equals` and `NotEquals`.

* `values` - (Required) Specifies list of values to match for a given condition. Possible values are `Sev0`, `Sev1`, `Sev2`, `Sev3`, and `Sev4`.

---

A `signal_type` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `Equals` and `NotEquals`.

* `values` - (Required) Specifies a list of values to match for a given condition. Possible values are `Metric`, `Log`, `Unknown`, and `Health`.

---

A `target_resource` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `Equals`, `NotEquals`, `Contains`, and `DoesNotContain`.

* `values` - (Required) A list of values to match for a given condition. The values should be valid resource IDs.

---

A `target_resource_group` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `Equals`, `NotEquals`, `Contains`, and `DoesNotContain`.

* `values` - (Required) A list of values to match for a given condition. The values should be valid resource group IDs.

---

A `target_resource_type` block supports the following:

* `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `Equals`, `NotEquals`, `Contains`, and `DoesNotContain`.

* `values` - (Required) A list of values to match for a given condition. The values should be valid resource types. (e.g. Microsoft.Compute/VirtualMachines)

---

A `weekly` block supports the following:

* `days_of_week` - (Required) Specifies a list of dayOfWeek to recurrence. Possible values are `Sunday`, `Monday`, `Tuesday`, `Wednesday`, `Thursday`, `Friday`, and `Saturday`.

* `start_time` - (Optional) Specifies the recurrence start time (H:M:S).

* `end_time` - (Optional) Specifies the recurrence end time (H:M:S).

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Alert Processing Rule.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Alert Processing Rule.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Alert Processing Rule.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Alert Processing Rule.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Alert Processing Rule.

## Import

Alert Processing Rules can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_monitor_alert_processing_rule_suppression.example /subscriptions/12345678-1234-9876-4563-123456789012/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.AlertsManagement/actionRules/actionRule1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-155b9c25eecf90872f60d22bafed30917427fa22c510c4ad369201dd97089103 -->