---
subcategory: "Portal"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_portal_tenant_configuration"
description: |-
  Manages Portal Tenant Configuration.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_portal_tenant_configuration

Manages Portal Tenant Configuration.

~> **Note:** User has to be `Contributor` or `Owner` at scope `/` for managing this resource.

~> **Note:** The Service Principal with Tenant Admin can be created by `az ad sp create-for-rbac --name "<sp name>" --role="Contributor" --scopes="/"`.

~> **Note:** The Service Principal can be granted Tenant Admin permission by `az role assignment create --assignee "<app id>" --role "Contributor" --scope "/"`.

~> **Note:** While assigning the role to the existing/new Service Principal at the Tenant Scope, the user assigning role must already have the `Owner` role assigned at the Tenant Scope.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm.portal_tenant_configuration.PortalTenantConfiguration(self, "example",
            private_markdown_storage_enforced=True
        )
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `private_markdown_storage_enforced` - (Required) Is the private tile markdown storage which used to display custom dynamic and static content enabled?

~> **Note:** When `private_markdown_storage_enforced` is set to `true`, only external storage configuration (URI) is allowed for Markdown tiles. Inline content configuration will be prohibited.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Portal Tenant Configuration.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Portal Tenant Configuration.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Portal Tenant Configuration.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Portal Tenant Configuration.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Portal Tenant Configuration.

## Import

Portal Tenant Configurations can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_portal_tenant_configuration.example /providers/Microsoft.Portal/tenantConfigurations/default
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-47772719810602af81212fcf03c19160289f057c1cb6f715290737842c7ddf0a -->