---
subcategory: "Database"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_postgresql_flexible_server"
description: |-
  Manages a PostgreSQL Flexible Server.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_postgresql_flexible_server

Manages a PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm.provider.AzurermProvider(self, "azurerm",
            features=AzurermProviderFeatures()
        )
        azurerm_resource_group_example = azurerm.resource_group.ResourceGroup(self, "example",
            location="West Europe",
            name="example-resources"
        )
        azurerm_virtual_network_example =
        azurerm.virtual_network.VirtualNetwork(self, "example_2",
            address_space=["10.0.0.0/16"],
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="example-vn",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name)
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_virtual_network_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_private_dns_zone_example =
        azurerm.private_dns_zone.PrivateDnsZone(self, "example_3",
            name="example.postgres.database.azure.com",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name)
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_private_dns_zone_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link_example =
        azurerm.private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link.PrivateDnsZoneVirtualNetworkLink(self, "example_4",
            name="exampleVnetZone.com",
            private_dns_zone_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_private_dns_zone_example.name),
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            virtual_network_id=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_virtual_network_example.id)
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_subnet_example = azurerm.subnet.Subnet(self, "example_5",
            address_prefixes=["10.0.2.0/24"],
            delegation=[SubnetDelegation(
                name="fs",
                service_delegation=SubnetDelegationServiceDelegation(
                    actions=["Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/join/action"],
                    name="Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/flexibleServers"
                )
            )
            ],
            name="example-sn",
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            service_endpoints=["Microsoft.Storage"],
            virtual_network_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_virtual_network_example.name)
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_subnet_example.override_logical_id("example")
        azurerm_postgresql_flexible_server_example =
        azurerm.postgresql_flexible_server.PostgresqlFlexibleServer(self, "example_6",
            administrator_login="psqladmin",
            administrator_password="H@Sh1CoR3!",
            delegated_subnet_id=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_subnet_example.id),
            depends_on=[azurerm_private_dns_zone_virtual_network_link_example],
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="example-psqlflexibleserver",
            private_dns_zone_id=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_private_dns_zone_example.id),
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            sku_name="GP_Standard_D4s_v3",
            storage_mb=32768,
            version="12",
            zone="1"
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_postgresql_flexible_server_example.override_logical_id("example")
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Changing this forces a new PostgreSQL Flexible Server to be created.

~> **Note** This must be unique across the entire Azure service, not just within the resource group.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the PostgreSQL Flexible Server should exist. Changing this forces a new PostgreSQL Flexible Server to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the PostgreSQL Flexible Server should exist. Changing this forces a new PostgreSQL Flexible Server to be created.

* `administrator_login` - (Optional) The Administrator login for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Required when `create_mode` is `Default` and `authentication.password_auth_enabled` is `true`. 

-> **Note:** Once `administrator_login` is specified, changing this forces a new PostgreSQL Flexible Server to be created.

-> **Note:** To create with `administrator_login` specified or update with it first specified , `authentication.password_auth_enabled` must be set to `true`.

* `administrator_password` - (Optional) The Password associated with the `administrator_login` for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Required when `create_mode` is `Default` and `authentication.password_auth_enabled` is `true`.

* `authentication` - (Optional) An `authentication` block as defined below.

* `backup_retention_days` - (Optional) The backup retention days for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Possible values are between `7` and `35` days.

* `customer_managed_key` - (Optional) A `customer_managed_key` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `geo_redundant_backup_enabled` - (Optional) Is Geo-Redundant backup enabled on the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new PostgreSQL Flexible Server to be created.

* `create_mode` - (Optional) The creation mode which can be used to restore or replicate existing servers. Possible values are `Default`, `PointInTimeRestore`, `Replica` and `Update`. Changing this forces a new PostgreSQL Flexible Server to be created.

-> **Note:** While creating the resource, `create_mode` cannot be set to `Update`.

* `delegated_subnet_id` - (Optional) The ID of the virtual network subnet to create the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. The provided subnet should not have any other resource deployed in it and this subnet will be delegated to the PostgreSQL Flexible Server, if not already delegated. Changing this forces a new PostgreSQL Flexible Server to be created.

* `private_dns_zone_id` - (Optional) The ID of the private DNS zone to create the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Changing this forces a new PostgreSQL Flexible Server to be created.

~> **NOTE:** There will be a breaking change from upstream service at 15th July 2021, the `private_dns_zone_id` will be required when setting a `delegated_subnet_id`. For existing flexible servers who don't want to be recreated, you need to provide the `private_dns_zone_id` to the service team to manually migrate to the specified private DNS zone. The `azurerm_private_dns_zone` should end with suffix `.postgres.database.azure.com`.

* `high_availability` - (Optional) A `high_availability` block as defined below.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

* `maintenance_window` - (Optional) A `maintenance_window` block as defined below.

* `point_in_time_restore_time_in_utc` - (Optional) The point in time to restore from `source_server_id` when `create_mode` is `PointInTimeRestore`. Changing this forces a new PostgreSQL Flexible Server to be created.

* `replication_role` - (Optional) The replication role for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Possible value is `None`.

~> **NOTE:** The `replication_role` cannot be set while creating and only can be updated to `None` for replica server.

* `sku_name` - (Optional) The SKU Name for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. The name of the SKU, follows the `tier` + `name` pattern (e.g. `B_Standard_B1ms`, `GP_Standard_D2s_v3`, `MO_Standard_E4s_v3`).

* `source_server_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the source PostgreSQL Flexible Server to be restored. Required when `create_mode` is `PointInTimeRestore` or `Replica`. Changing this forces a new PostgreSQL Flexible Server to be created.

* `storage_mb` - (Optional) The max storage allowed for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Possible values are `32768`, `65536`, `131072`, `262144`, `524288`, `1048576`, `2097152`, `4194304`, `8388608`, and `16777216`.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

* `version` - (Optional) The version of PostgreSQL Flexible Server to use. Possible values are `11`,`12`, `13`, `14` and `15`. Required when `create_mode` is `Default`. Changing this forces a new PostgreSQL Flexible Server to be created.

-> **Note:** When `create_mode` is `Update`, upgrading version wouldn't force a new resource to be created.

* `zone` - (Optional) Specifies the Availability Zone in which the PostgreSQL Flexible Server should be located.

-> **Note:** Azure will automatically assign an Availability Zone if one is not specified. If the PostgreSQL Flexible Server fails-over to the Standby Availability Zone, the `zone` will be updated to reflect the current Primary Availability Zone. You can use [Terraform's `ignore_changes` functionality](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/meta-arguments/lifecycle.html#ignore_changes) to ignore changes to the `zone` and `high_availability.0.standby_availability_zone` fields should you wish for Terraform to not migrate the PostgreSQL Flexible Server back to it's primary Availability Zone after a fail-over.

-> **Note:** The Availability Zones available depend on the Azure Region that the PostgreSQL Flexible Server is being deployed into - see [the Azure Availability Zones documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/global-infrastructure/geographies/#geographies) for more information on which Availability Zones are available in each Azure Region.

---

An `authentication` block supports the following:

* `active_directory_auth_enabled` - (Optional) Whether or not Active Directory authentication is allowed to access the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Defaults to `false`.

* `password_auth_enabled` - (Optional) Whether or not password authentication is allowed to access the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Defaults to `true`.

* `tenant_id` - (Optional) The Tenant ID of the Azure Active Directory which is used by the Active Directory authentication. `active_directory_auth_enabled` must be set to `true`.

-> **Note:** Setting `active_directory_auth_enabled` to `true` requires a Service Principal for the Postgres Flexible Server. For more details see [this document](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/postgresql/flexible-server/how-to-configure-sign-in-azure-ad-authentication).

-> **Note:** `tenant_id` is required when `active_directory_auth_enabled` is set to `true`. And it should not be specified when `active_directory_auth_enabled` is set to `false`

---

A `customer_managed_key` block supports the following:

* `key_vault_key_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Key Vault Key.

* `primary_user_assigned_identity_id` - (Optional) Specifies the primary user managed identity id for a Customer Managed Key. Should be added with `identity_ids`.

~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `UserAssigned` or `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`.

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Should be set to `UserAssigned`, `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned` (to enable both).

* `identity_ids` - (Optional) A list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Required if used together with `customer_managed_key` block.

~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `UserAssigned` or `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`.

---

A `maintenance_window` block supports the following:

* `day_of_week` - (Optional) The day of week for maintenance window, where the week starts on a Sunday, i.e. Sunday = `0`, Monday = `1`. Defaults to `0`.

* `start_hour` - (Optional) The start hour for maintenance window. Defaults to `0`.

* `start_minute` - (Optional) The start minute for maintenance window. Defaults to `0`.

---

A `high_availability` block supports the following:

* `mode` - (Required) The high availability mode for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Possible value are `SameZone` or `ZoneRedundant`.

* `standby_availability_zone` - (Optional) Specifies the Availability Zone in which the standby Flexible Server should be located.

-> **Note:** Azure will automatically assign an Availability Zone if one is not specified. If the PostgreSQL Flexible Server fails-over to the Standby Availability Zone, the `zone` will be updated to reflect the current Primary Availability Zone. You can use [Terraform's `ignore_changes` functionality](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/meta-arguments/lifecycle.html#ignore_changes) to ignore changes to the `zone` and `high_availability.0.standby_availability_zone` fields should you wish for Terraform to not migrate the PostgreSQL Flexible Server back to it's primary Availability Zone after a fail-over.

-> **Note:** The Availability Zones available depend on the Azure Region that the PostgreSQL Flexible Server is being deployed into - see [the Azure Availability Zones documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/global-infrastructure/geographies/#geographies) for more information on which Availability Zones are available in each Azure Region.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

* `fqdn` - The FQDN of the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

* `public_network_access_enabled` - Is public network access enabled?

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 1 hour) Used when creating the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.
* `update` - (Defaults to 1 hour) Used when updating the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 1 hour) Used when deleting the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

## Import

PostgreSQL Flexible Servers can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_postgresql_flexible_server.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/flexibleServers/server1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-6fbcc104fc9e7b2586256b1cbcdd6757574566a20f5e20a2a286af3e90d3efb2 -->