---
subcategory: "Cost Management"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_resource_group_cost_management_view"
description: |-
  Manages an Azure Cost Management View for a Resource Group.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_resource_group_cost_management_view

Manages an Azure Cost Management View for a Resource Group.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm_resource_group_example = azurerm.resource_group.ResourceGroup(self, "example",
            location="West Europe",
            name="example-resources"
        )
        azurerm_resource_group_cost_management_view_example =
        azurerm.resource_group_cost_management_view.ResourceGroupCostManagementView(self, "example_1",
            accumulated=False,
            chart_type="StackedColumn",
            dataset=ResourceGroupCostManagementViewDataset(
                aggregation=[ResourceGroupCostManagementViewDatasetAggregation(
                    column_name="Cost",
                    name="totalCost"
                )
                ],
                granularity="Monthly"
            ),
            display_name="Cost View per Month",
            name="example",
            report_type="Usage",
            resource_group_id=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.id),
            timeframe="MonthToDate"
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_resource_group_cost_management_view_example.override_logical_id("example")
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `accumulated` - (Required) Whether the costs data in the Cost Management View are accumulated over time. Changing this forces a new Cost Management View for a Resource Group to be created.

* `chart_type` - (Required) Chart type of the main view in Cost Analysis. Possible values are `Area`, `GroupedColumn`, `Line`, `StackedColumn` and `Table`.

* `dataset` - (Required) A `dataset` block as defined below.

* `display_name` - (Required) User visible input name of the Cost Management View.

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Cost Management View for a Resource Group. Changing this forces a new Cost Management View for a Resource Group to be created.

* `report_type` - (Required) The type of the report. The only possible value is `Usage`.

* `resource_group_id` - (Required) The ID of the Resource Group this View is scoped to. Changing this forces a new Cost Management View for a Resource Group to be created.

* `timeframe` - (Required) The time frame for pulling data for the report. Possible values are `Custom`, `MonthToDate`, `WeekToDate` and `YearToDate`.

---

* `kpi` - (Optional) One or more `kpi` blocks as defined below, to show in Cost Analysis UI.

* `pivot` - (Optional) One or more `pivot` blocks as defined below, containing the configuration of 3 sub-views in the Cost Analysis UI. Non table views should have three pivots.

---

A `aggregation` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this aggregation. Changing this forces a new Cost Management View for a Resource Group to be created.

* `column_name` - (Required) The name of the column to aggregate. Changing this forces a new Cost Management View for a Resource Group to be created.

---

A `dataset` block supports the following:

* `aggregation` - (Required) One or more `aggregation` blocks as defined above.

* `granularity` - (Required) The granularity of rows in the report. Possible values are `Daily` and `Monthly`.

* `grouping` - (Optional) One or more `grouping` blocks as defined below.

* `sorting` - (Optional) One or more `sorting` blocks as defined below, containing the order by expression to be used in the report

---

A `grouping` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the column to group.

* `type` - (Required) The type of the column. Possible values are `Dimension` and `TagKey`.

---

A `kpi` block supports the following:

* `enabled` - (Required) Should a KPI be enabled?

* `type` - (Required) KPI type. Possible values are `Budget` and `Forecast`.

---

A `pivot` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the column which should be used for this sub-view in the Cost Analysis UI.

* `type` - (Required) The data type to show in this sub-view. Possible values are `Dimension` and `TagKey`.

---

A `sorting` block supports the following:

* `direction` - (Required) Direction of sort. Possible values are `Ascending` and `Descending`.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the column to sort.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the Cost Management View for a Resource Group.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Cost Management View for a Resource Group.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Cost Management View for a Resource Group.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Cost Management View for a Resource Group.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Cost Management View for a Resource Group.

## Import

Cost Management View for a Resource Groups can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_resource_group_cost_management_view.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resGroup1/providers/Microsoft.CostManagement/views/costmanagementview
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-d1aa82529c12e1c91383dccd67927cb4e6cf956986d73a765570add35e0dc90a -->