---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_web_pubsub"
description: |-
  Manages an Azure Web PubSub service.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_web_pubsub

Manages an Azure Web PubSub Service.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.azurerm as azurerm
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        azurerm_resource_group_example = azurerm.resource_group.ResourceGroup(self, "example",
            location="east us",
            name="terraform-webpubsub"
        )
        azurerm_web_pubsub_example = azurerm.web_pubsub.WebPubsub(self, "example_1",
            capacity=1,
            identity=WebPubsubIdentity(
                type="SystemAssigned"
            ),
            live_trace=WebPubsubLiveTrace(
                connectivity_logs_enabled=False,
                enabled=True,
                messaging_logs_enabled=True
            ),
            location=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.location),
            name="tfex-webpubsub",
            public_network_access_enabled=False,
            resource_group_name=cdktf.Token.as_string(azurerm_resource_group_example.name),
            sku="Standard_S1"
        )
        # This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.
        azurerm_web_pubsub_example.override_logical_id("example")
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Web PubSub service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the Web PubSub service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the Web PubSub service exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Required) Specifies which SKU to use. Possible values are `Free_F1`, `Standard_S1`, and `Premium_P1`.

* `capacity` - (Optional) Specifies the number of units associated with this Web PubSub resource. Valid values are: Free: `1`, Standard: `1`, `2`, `5`, `10`, `20`, `50`, `100`.

* `public_network_access_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable public network access? Defaults to `true`.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

* `live_trace` - (Optional) A `live_trace` block as defined below.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

* `local_auth_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable local auth? Defaults to `true`.

* `aad_auth_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable AAD auth? Defaults to `true`.

* `tls_client_cert_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to request client certificate during TLS handshake? Defaults to `false`.

---

A `live_trace` block supports the following:

* `enabled` - (Optional) Whether the live trace is enabled? Defaults to `true`.

* `messaging_logs_enabled` - (Optional) Whether the log category `MessagingLogs` is enabled? Defaults to `true`

* `connectivity_logs_enabled` - (Optional) Whether the log category `ConnectivityLogs` is enabled? Defaults to `true`

* `http_request_logs_enabled` - (Optional) Whether the log category `HttpRequestLogs` is enabled? Defaults to `true`

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Web PubSub. Possible values are `SystemAssigned`, `UserAssigned`.

* `identity_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Web PubSub.

~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `UserAssigned`

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Web PubSub service.

* `hostname` - The FQDN of the Web PubSub service.

* `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

* `external_ip` - The publicly accessible IP of the Web PubSub service.

* `public_port` - The publicly accessible port of the Web PubSub service which is designed for browser/client use.

* `server_port` - The publicly accessible port of the Web PubSub service which is designed for customer server side use.

* `primary_access_key` - The primary access key for the Web PubSub service.

* `primary_connection_string` - The primary connection string for the Web PubSub service.

* `secondary_access_key` - The secondary access key for the Web PubSub service.

* `secondary_connection_string` - The secondary connection string for the Web PubSub service.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `principal_id` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

* `tenant_id` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to
specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Web PubSub Service.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Web PubSub Service.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Web PubSub Service.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Web PubSub Service.

## Import

Web PubSub services can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_web_pubsub.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.SignalRService/webPubSub/pubsub1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-5e6838c8c9810e2b47e69f039ddac531939ec016d7677f9e5607a89edff083ea -->