---
subcategory: "API Management"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api_management_api"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing API Management API.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_api_management_api

Use this data source to access information about an existing API Management API.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAzurermApiManagementApiExample =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermApiManagementApi.DataAzurermApiManagementApi(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          apiManagementName: "search-api-management",
          name: "search-api",
          resourceGroupName: "search-service",
          revision: "2",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "api_management_api_id", {
      value: dataAzurermApiManagementApiExample.id,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - The name of the API Management API.

* `apiManagementName` - The name of the API Management Service in which the API Management API exists.

* `resourceGroupName` - The Name of the Resource Group in which the API Management Service exists.

* `revision` - The Revision of the API Management API.

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - The ID of the API Management API.

* `description` - A description of the API Management API, which may include HTML formatting tags.

* `displayName` - The display name of the API.

* `isCurrent` - Is this the current API Revision?

* `isOnline` - Is this API Revision online/accessible via the Gateway?

* `path` - The Path for this API Management API.

* `protocols` - A list of protocols the operations in this API can be invoked.

* `serviceUrl` - Absolute URL of the backend service implementing this API.

* `soapPassThrough` - Should this API expose a SOAP frontend, rather than a HTTP frontend?

* `subscriptionKeyParameterNames` - A `subscriptionKeyParameterNames` block as documented below.

* `subscriptionRequired` - Should this API require a subscription key?

* `version` - The Version number of this API, if this API is versioned.

* `versionSetId` - The ID of the Version Set which this API is associated with.

---

A `subscriptionKeyParameterNames` block exports the following:

* `header` - The name of the HTTP Header which should be used for the Subscription Key.

* `query` - The name of the QueryString parameter which should be used for the Subscription Key.

---

A `wsdlSelector` block exports the following:

* `serviceName` - The name of service to import from WSDL.

* `endpointName` - The name of endpoint (port) to import from WSDL.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the API Management API.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-6d4ef7a93875edec1770691dc4bb526c3406d57ba2dfbf4316ea03f2f1cee212 -->