---
subcategory: "App Service (Web Apps)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_app_service_environment_v3"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing 3rd Generation (v3) App Service Environment.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_app_service_environment_v3

Use this data source to access information about an existing 3rd Generation (v3) App Service Environment.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAzurermAppServiceEnvironmentV3Example =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermAppServiceEnvironmentV3.DataAzurermAppServiceEnvironmentV3(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          name: "example-ASE",
          resourceGroupName: "example-resource-group",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
      value: dataAzurermAppServiceEnvironmentV3Example.id,
    });
  }
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of this v3 App Service Environment.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the v3 App Service Environment exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the v3 App Service Environment.

* `allowNewPrivateEndpointConnections` - Are new Private Endpoint Connections allowed.

* `clusterSetting` - A `clusterSetting` block as defined below.

* `dedicatedHostCount` - The number of Dedicated Hosts used by this ASEv3.

* `dnsSuffix` - the DNS suffix for this App Service Environment V3.

* `externalInboundIpAddresses` - The external inbound IP addresses of the App Service Environment V3.

* `inboundNetworkDependencies` - An Inbound Network Dependencies block as defined below.

* `internalInboundIpAddresses` - The internal inbound IP addresses of the App Service Environment V3.

* `internalLoadBalancingMode` - The Internal Load Balancing Mode of this ASEv3.  

* `ipSslAddressCount` - The number of IP SSL addresses reserved for the App Service Environment V3.

* `linuxOutboundIpAddresses` - The list of Outbound IP Addresses of Linux based Apps in this App Service Environment V3.

* `location` - The location where the App Service Environment exists.

* `pricingTier` - Pricing tier for the front end instances.

* `subnetId` - The ID of the v3 App Service Environment Subnet.

* `windowsOutboundIpAddresses` - Outbound addresses of Windows based Apps in this App Service Environment V3.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the v3 App Service Environment.

---

A `clusterSetting` block exports the following:

* `name` - The name of the Cluster Setting.

* `value` - The value for the Cluster Setting.

---

An `inboundNetworkDependencies` block exports the following:

* `description` - A short description of the purpose of the network traffic.

* `ipAddresses` - A list of IP addresses that network traffic will originate from in CIDR notation.

* `ports` - The ports that network traffic will arrive to the App Service Environment V3 on.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the 3rd Generation (v3) App Service Environment.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-1bf38c7322224f52996ffdd4339938340713b211d7ea6f2923de0fa535337b1c -->