---
subcategory: "App Service (Web Apps)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_app_service_certificate_order"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing App Service Certificate Order.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_app_service_certificate_order

Use this data source to access information about an existing App Service Certificate Order.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAzurermAppServiceCertificateOrderExample =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermAppServiceCertificateOrder.DataAzurermAppServiceCertificateOrder(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          name: "example-cert-order",
          resourceGroupName: "example-resources",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "certificate_order_id", {
      value: dataAzurermAppServiceCertificateOrderExample.id,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - The name of the App Service.

* `resourceGroupName` - The Name of the Resource Group where the App Service exists.

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - The ID of the App Service.

* `location` - The Azure location where the App Service exists.

* `autoRenew` - true if the certificate should be automatically renewed when it expires; otherwise, false.

* `certificates` - State of the Key Vault secret. A `certificates` block as defined below.

* `csr` - Last CSR that was created for this order.

* `distinguishedName` - The Distinguished Name for the App Service Certificate Order.

* `keySize` - Certificate key size.

* `productType` - Certificate product type, such as `standard` or `wildCard`.

* `validityInYears` - Duration in years (must be between 1 and 3).

* `domainVerificationToken` - Domain verification token.

* `status` - Current order status.

* `expirationTime` - Certificate expiration time.

* `isPrivateKeyExternal` - Whether the private key is external or not.

* `appServiceCertificateNotRenewableReasons` - Reasons why App Service Certificate is not renewable at the current moment.

* `signedCertificateThumbprint` - Certificate thumbprint for signed certificate.

* `rootThumbprint` - Certificate thumbprint for root certificate.

* `intermediateThumbprint` - Certificate thumbprint intermediate certificate.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

* `certificateName` - The name of the App Service Certificate.

* `keyVaultId` - Key Vault resource Id.

* `keyVaultSecretName` - Key Vault secret name.

* `provisioningState` - Status of the Key Vault secret.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the App Service Certificate Order.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-97cf10e600fbc713084ede27f68bdc66a549ebe88e4873ffe7b6248d643411c4 -->