---
subcategory: "Hybrid Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_arc_machine"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Azure Arc machine.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_arc_machine

Use this data source to access information about an existing Azure Arc machine.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAzurermArcMachineExample =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermArcMachine.DataAzurermArcMachine(this, "example", {
        name: "existing-hcmachine",
        resourceGroupName: "existing-rg",
      });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
      value: dataAzurermArcMachineExample.id,
    });
  }
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of this Azure Arc machine.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Hybrid Compute exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Azure Arc machine.

* `activeDirectoryFqdn` - Specifies the AD fully qualified display name.

* `agent` - A `agent` block as defined below.

* `agentVersion` - The Azure Arc machine agent full version.

* `clientPublicKey` - Public Key that the client provides to be used during initial resource onboarding.

* `cloudMetadata` - A `cloudMetadata` block as defined below.

* `detectedProperties` - A `detectedProperties` block as defined below.

* `displayName` - Specifies the Azure Arc machine display name.

* `dnsFqdn` - Specifies the DNS fully qualified display name.

* `domainName` - Specifies the Windows domain name.

* `errorDetails` - A `errorDetails` block as defined below.

* `identity` - A `identity` block as defined below.

* `lastStatusChangeTime` - The time of the last status change.

* `location` - The Azure Region where the Azure Arc machine exists.

* `locationData` - A `locationData` block as defined below.

* `machineFqdn` - Specifies the Azure Arc machine fully qualified display name.

* `mssqlDiscovered` - Specifies whether any MS SQL instance is discovered on the machine.

* `osName` - The Operating System running on the Azure Arc machine.

* `osProfile` - A `osProfile` block as defined below.

* `osSku` - Specifies the Operating System product SKU.

* `osType` - The type of Operating System. Possible values are `windows` and `linux`.

* `osVersion` - The version of Operating System running on the Azure Arc machine.

* `parentClusterResourceId` - The resource id of the parent cluster (Azure HCI) this machine is assigned to, if any.

* `privateLinkScopeResourceId` - The resource id of the parent cluster (Azure HCI) this machine is assigned to, if any.

* `serviceStatus` - A `serviceStatus` block as defined below.

* `status` - The status of the Azure Arc machine agent.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Hybrid Compute.

* `vmId` - Specifies the Azure Arc machine unique ID.

* `vmUuid` - Specifies the Arc Machine's unique SMBIOS ID.

---

A `agent` block exports the following:

* `extensionsAllowList` - A `extensionsAllowList` block as defined below.

* `extensionsBlockList` - A `extensionsBlockList` block as defined below.

* `extensionsEnabled` - Specifies whether the extension service is enabled or disabled.

* `guestConfigurationEnabled` - Specified whether the guest configuration service is enabled or disabled.

* `incomingConnectionsPorts` - Specifies the list of ports that the agent will be able to listen on.

* `proxyBypass` - List of service names which should not use the specified proxy server.

* `proxyUrl` - Specifies the URL of the proxy to be used.

---

A `cloudMetadata` block exports the following:

* `provider` - Specifies the cloud provider. For example `azure`, `aws` and `gcp`.

---

A `errorDetails` block exports the following:

* `additionalInfo` - A `additionalInfo` block as defined above.

* `code` - The error code.

* `message` - The error message.

* `target` - The error target.

---

A `extensionService` block exports the following:

* `startupType` - The behavior of the service when the Arc-enabled machine starts up.

* `status` - The current status of the service.

---

A `extensionsAllowList` block exports the following:

* `publisher` - Publisher of the extension.

* `type` - Type of the extension.

---

A `extensionsBlockList` block exports the following:

* `publisher` - Publisher of the extension.

* `type` - Type of the extension.

---

A `guestConfigurationService` block exports the following:

* `startupType` - The behavior of the service when the Arc-enabled machine starts up.

* `status` - The current status of the service.

---

A `identity` block exports the following:

* `principalId` - The principal ID of resource identity.

* `tenantId` - The tenant ID of resource.

* `type` - The identity type.

---

A `linux` block exports the following:

* `patch` - A `patch` block as defined below.

---

A `locationData` block exports the following:

* `city` - The city or locality where the resource is located.

* `countryOrRegion` - The country or region where the resource is located.

* `district` - The district, state, or province where the resource is located.

* `name` - A canonical name for the geographic or physical location.

---

A `osProfile` block exports the following:

* `computerName` - Specifies the host OS name of the Azure Arc machine.

* `linux` - A `linux` block as defined above.

* `windows` - A `windows` block as defined below.

---

A `patch` block exports the following:

* `assessmentMode` - Specifies the assessment mode.

* `patchMode` - Specifies the patch mode.

---

A `serviceStatus` block exports the following:

* `extensionService` - A `extensionService` block as defined above.

* `guestConfigurationService` - A `guestConfigurationService` block as defined above.

---

A `windows` block exports the following:

* `patch` - A `patch` block as defined above.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Azure Arc machine.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-d616c6701ee47a66d02839e2566c6b92d7605110b05feeefe8ec73c2b43c0fd8 -->