---
subcategory: "CDN"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_origin_group"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Front Door (standard/premium) Origin Group.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_origin_group

Use this data source to access information about an existing Front Door (standard/premium) Origin Group.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new azurerm.dataAzurermCdnFrontdoorOriginGroup.DataAzurermCdnFrontdoorOriginGroup(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        name: "example-origin-group",
        profileName: "example-profile",
        resourceGroupName: "example-resources",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Front Door Origin Group.

* `profileName` - (Required) The name of the Front Door Profile within which Front Door Origin Group exists.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Front Door Profile exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Front Door Origin Group.

* `cdnFrontdoorProfileId` - Specifies the ID of the Front Door Profile within which this Front Door Origin Group exists.

* `healthProbe` - A `healthProbe` block as defined below.

* `loadBalancing` - A `loadBalancing` block as defined below.

* `sessionAffinityEnabled` - Specifies whether session affinity is enabled on this host.

---

A `healthProbe` block exports the following:

* `protocol` - Specifies the protocol to use for health probe.

* `requestType` - Specifies the type of health probe request that is made.

* `intervalInSeconds` - Specifies the number of seconds between health probes.

* `path` - Specifies the path relative to the origin that is used to determine the health of the origin.

---

A `loadBalancing` block exports the following:

* `additionalLatencyInMilliseconds` - Specifies the additional latency in milliseconds for probes to fall into the lowest latency bucket.

* `sampleSize` - Specifies the number of samples to consider for load balancing decisions.

* `successfulSamplesRequired` - Specifies the number of samples within the sample period that must succeed.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Front Door Origin Group.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-baa287099fc763fa89cb196744de1fefede67d325f94b6dd57b79f6e0ee9d177 -->