---
subcategory: "Container Apps"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_container_app_environment"
description: |-
  Gets information about a Container App Environment.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_container_app_environment.

Use this data source to access information about an existing Container App Environment.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new azurerm.dataAzurermContainerAppEnvironment.DataAzurermContainerAppEnvironment(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        name: "example-environment",
        resourceGroupName: "example-resources",
      }
    );
  }
}

```


## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Container Apps Managed Environment.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where this Container App Environment exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Container App Environment.

* `infrastructureSubnetId` - The ID of the Subnet in use by the Container Apps Control Plane.

~> **NOTE:** This will only be populated for Environments that have `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` set to true.

* `defaultDomain` - The default publicly resolvable name of this Container App Environment. This is generated at creation time to be globally unique.

* `dockerBridgeCidr` - The network addressing in which the Container Apps in this Container App Environment will reside in CIDR notation.

~> **NOTE:** This will only be populated for Environments that have `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` set to true.

* `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` - Does the Container App Environment operate in Internal Load Balancing Mode?

* `location` - The Azure Location where this Container App Environment exists.

* `logAnalyticsWorkspaceName` - The name of the Log Analytics Workspace this Container Apps Managed Environment is linked to.

* `platformReservedCidr` - The IP range, in CIDR notation, that is reserved for environment infrastructure IP addresses.

~> **NOTE:** This will only be populated for Environments that have `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` set to true.

* `platformReservedDnsIpAddress` - The IP address from the IP range defined by `platformReservedCidr` that is reserved for the internal DNS server.

~> **NOTE:** This will only be populated for Environments that have `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` set to true.

* `staticIpAddress` - The Static IP address of the Environment.

~> **NOTE:** If `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` is true, this will be a Private IP in the subnet, otherwise this will be allocated a Public IPv4 address. 

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Container App Environment.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-f6842a5dc058f5d571a9aa99ce78453839a05a1e9686f57f21743f3c9bd76e49 -->