---
subcategory: "CosmosDB (DocumentDB)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cosmosdb_account"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing CosmosDB (formally DocumentDB) Account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_cosmosdb_account

Use this data source to access information about an existing CosmosDB (formally DocumentDB) Account.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAzurermCosmosdbAccountExample =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermCosmosdbAccount.DataAzurermCosmosdbAccount(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          name: "tfex-cosmosdb-account",
          resourceGroupName: "tfex-cosmosdb-account-rg",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "cosmosdb_account_endpoint", {
      value: dataAzurermCosmosdbAccountExample.endpoint,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - Specifies the name of the CosmosDB Account.

* `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the resource group in which the CosmosDB Account resides.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the CosmosDB Account.

* `location` - The Azure location where the resource exists.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

* `offerType` - The Offer Type to used by this CosmosDB Account.

* `kind` - The Kind of the CosmosDB account.

* `keyVaultKeyId` - The Key Vault key URI for CMK encryption.

~> **NOTE:** The CosmosDB service always uses the latest version of the specified key.

* `ipRangeFilter` - The current IP Filter for this CosmosDB account

* `enableFreeTier` - If Free Tier pricing option is enabled for this CosmosDB Account. You can have up to one free tier Azure Cosmos DB account per Azure subscription.

* `enableAutomaticFailover` - If automatic failover is enabled for this CosmosDB Account.

* `capabilities` - Capabilities enabled on this Cosmos DB account.

* `isVirtualNetworkFilterEnabled` - If virtual network filtering is enabled for this Cosmos DB account.

* `virtualNetworkRule` - Subnets that are allowed to access this CosmosDB account.

* `enableMultipleWriteLocations` - If multiple write locations are enabled for this Cosmos DB account.

`consistencyPolicy` The current consistency Settings for this CosmosDB account with the following properties:

* `consistencyLevel` - The Consistency Level used by this CosmosDB Account.
* `maxIntervalInSeconds` - The amount of staleness (in seconds) tolerated when the consistency level is Bounded Staleness.
* `maxStalenessPrefix` - The number of stale requests tolerated when the consistency level is Bounded Staleness.

`geoLocation` The geographic locations data is replicated to with the following properties:

* `id` - The ID of the location.
* `location` - The name of the Azure region hosting replicated data.
* `priority` - The locations fail over priority.

`virtualNetworkRule` The virtual network subnets allowed to access this Cosmos DB account with the following properties:

* `id` - The ID of the virtual network subnet.

* `endpoint` - The endpoint used to connect to the CosmosDB account.

* `readEndpoints` - A list of read endpoints available for this CosmosDB account.

* `writeEndpoints` - A list of write endpoints available for this CosmosDB account.

* `primaryKey` - The primary key for the CosmosDB account.

* `secondaryKey` - The secondary key for the CosmosDB account.

* `primaryReadonlyKey` - The primary read-only Key for the CosmosDB account.

* `secondaryReadonlyKey` - The secondary read-only key for the CosmosDB account.

* `primarySqlConnectionString` - The primary SQL connection string for the CosmosDB account.

* `secondarySqlConnectionString` - The secondary SQL connection string for the CosmosDB account.

* `primaryReadonlySqlConnectionString` - The primary read-only SQL connection string for the CosmosDB account.

* `secondaryReadonlySqlConnectionString` - The secondary read-only SQL connection string for the CosmosDB account.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the CosmosDB Account.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-041992e113790fae0d667db788e2c5f98ac6fedf482e7a617586056f8abe479b -->