---
subcategory: "Databox Edge"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_databox_edge_device"
description: |-
  Get information about a Databox Edge Device.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_databox_edge_device

Get information about a Databox Edge Device.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new azurerm.dataAzurermDataboxEdgeDevice.DataAzurermDataboxEdgeDevice(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        name: "example-device",
        resourceGroupName: "example-rg",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Databox Edge Device. Changing this forces a new Databox Edge Device to be created.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Databox Edge Device should exist. Changing this forces a new Databox Edge Device to be created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Databox Edge Device.

* `location` - The Azure Region where the Databox Edge Device should exist.

* `skuName` - The `skuName` is comprised of two segments separated by a hyphen (e.g. `tea1NodeUpsHeaterStandard`). The first segment of the `skuName` defines the `name` of the SKU. The second segment defines the `tier` of the `skuName`. For more information see the [product documentation]("https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.azure.management.databoxedge.models.sku?view=azure-dotnet"). 

* `deviceProperties` - A `deviceProperties` block as defined below.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Databox Edge Device.

---

The `deviceProperties` block exports the following:

* `configuredRoleTypes` - Type of compute roles configured.

* `culture` - The Data Box Edge/Gateway device culture.

* `hcsVersion` - The device software version number of the device (e.g. 1.2.18105.6).

* `capacity` - The Data Box Edge/Gateway device local capacity in MB.

* `model` - The Data Box Edge/Gateway device model.

* `softwareVersion` - The Data Box Edge/Gateway device software version.

* `status` - The status of the Data Box Edge/Gateway device.

* `type` - The type of the Data Box Edge/Gateway device.

* `nodeCount` - The number of nodes in the cluster.

* `serialNumber` - The Serial Number of Data Box Edge/Gateway device.

* `timeZone` - The Data Box Edge/Gateway device timezone.

---

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Databox Edge Device.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-ea0596d35e50c4e5a19a8242987fa845842040e8bbe71edda04fd0e52feccfed -->