---
subcategory: "Data Factory"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_data_factory"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Azure Data Factory (Version 2).
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_data_factory

Use this data source to access information about an existing Azure Data Factory (Version 2).

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAzurermDataFactoryExample =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermDataFactory.DataAzurermDataFactory(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          name: "existing-adf",
          resourceGroupName: "existing-rg",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
      value: dataAzurermDataFactoryExample.id,
    });
  }
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `name` - (Required) The name of this Azure Data Factory.

- `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Azure Data Factory exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

- `id` - The ID of the Azure Data Factory.

- `githubConfiguration` - A `githubConfiguration` block as defined below.

- `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

- `location` - The Azure Region where the Azure Data Factory exists.

- `purviewId` - (Optional) The ID of purview account.

- `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Azure Data Factory.

- `vstsConfiguration` - A `vstsConfiguration` block as defined below.

---

A `githubConfiguration` block exports the following:

- `accountName` - The GitHub account name.

- `branchName` - The branch of the repository to get code from.

- `gitUrl` - The GitHub Enterprise host name.

- `repositoryName` - The name of the git repository.

- `rootFolder` - The root folder within the repository.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

- `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Data Factory.

- `principalId` - The Principal ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Data Factory.

- `tenantId` - The Tenant ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Data Factory.

- `identityIds` - The list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this Data Factory.

---

A `vstsConfiguration` block exports the following:

- `accountName` - The VSTS account name.

- `branchName` - The branch of the repository to get code from.

- `projectName` - The name of the VSTS project.

- `repositoryName` - The name of the git repository.

- `rootFolder` - The root folder within the repository.

- `tenantId` - The Tenant ID associated with the VSTS account.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

- `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Azure Data Factory.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-a14b3ffdf5889a6a6e29b033b15c101fc77d9e920296ad076eff89d221be7ea0 -->