---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_eventgrid_system_topic"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing EventGrid System Topic

---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_eventgrid_system_topic

Use this data source to access information about an existing EventGrid System Topic

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new azurerm.dataAzurermEventgridSystemTopic.DataAzurermEventgridSystemTopic(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        name: "eventgrid-system-topic",
        resourceGroupName: "example-resources",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - The name of the EventGrid System Topic resource.

* `resourceGroupName` - The name of the resource group in which the EventGrid System Topic exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The EventGrid System Topic ID.

* `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below, which contains the Managed Service Identity information for this Event Grid System Topic.

* `metricArmResourceId` - The Metric ARM Resource ID of the Event Grid System Topic.

* `sourceArmResourceId` - The ID of the Event Grid System Topic ARM Source.

* `topicType` - The Topic Type of the Event Grid System Topic.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags which are assigned to the Event Grid System Topic.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Event Grid System Topic.

* `principalId` - The Principal ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Event Grid System Topic.

* `tenantId` - The Tenant ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Event Grid System Topic.

* `identityIds` - The list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this Event Grid System Topic.

---

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the EventGrid System Topic.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-d9bd938597067aa2ebadec9f826cb017b88b3d452a39ce76d0c8332fe06b30c6 -->