---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_eventhub_namespace"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing EventHub Namespace.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_eventhub_namespace

Use this data source to access information about an existing EventHub Namespace.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAzurermEventhubNamespaceExample =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermEventhubNamespace.DataAzurermEventhubNamespace(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          name: "search-eventhubns",
          resourceGroupName: "search-service",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "eventhub_namespace_id", {
      value: dataAzurermEventhubNamespaceExample.id,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - The name of the EventHub Namespace.
* `resourceGroupName` - The Name of the Resource Group where the EventHub Namespace exists.

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - The ID of the EventHub Namespace.

* `location` - The Azure location where the EventHub Namespace exists

* `sku` - Defines which tier to use.

* `capacity` - The Capacity / Throughput Units for a `standard` SKU namespace.

* `autoInflateEnabled` - Is Auto Inflate enabled for the EventHub Namespace?

* `maximumThroughputUnits` -  Specifies the maximum number of throughput units when Auto Inflate is Enabled.

* `zoneRedundant` - Is this EventHub Namespace deployed across Availability Zones?

* `dedicatedClusterId` - The ID of the EventHub Dedicated Cluster where this Namespace exists.

* `localAuthenticationEnabled` - Is this EventHub Namespace SAS authentication enabled?

* `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the EventHub Namespace.

The following attributes are exported only if there is an authorization rule named
`rootManageSharedAccessKey` which is created automatically by Azure.

* `defaultPrimaryConnectionString` - The primary connection string for the authorization
    rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

* `defaultPrimaryConnectionStringAlias` - The alias of the primary connection string for the authorization
    rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

* `defaultPrimaryKey` - The primary access key for the authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

* `defaultSecondaryConnectionString` - The secondary connection string for the
    authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

* `defaultSecondaryConnectionStringAlias` - The alias of the secondary connection string for the
    authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

* `defaultSecondaryKey` - The secondary access key for the authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the EventHub Namespace.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-1de98b5c6229c011583c38dd66061ce2d6a2da872af99298e4584eacf64a14a6 -->