---
subcategory: "Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_firewall"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Azure Firewall.

---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_firewall

Use this data source to access information about an existing Azure Firewall.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAzurermFirewallExample =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermFirewall.DataAzurermFirewall(this, "example", {
        name: "firewall1",
        resourceGroupName: "firewall-RG",
      });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "firewall_private_ip", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAzurermFirewallExample.ipConfiguration, [
        "0",
        "private_ip_address",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - The name of the Azure Firewall.

* `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Azure Firewall exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Azure Firewall.

* `location` - The Azure location where the Azure Firewall exists.

* `skuName` - The SKU name of the Azure Firewall.

* `skuTier` - The SKU tier of the Azure Firewall.

* `firewallPolicyId` - The ID of the Firewall Policy applied to the Azure Firewall.

* `ipConfiguration` - A `ipConfiguration` block as defined below.

* `dnsServers` - The list of DNS servers that the Azure Firewall will direct DNS traffic to for name resolution.

* `managementIpConfiguration` - A `managementIpConfiguration` block as defined below, which allows force-tunnelling of traffic to be performed by the firewall.

* `threatIntelMode` - The operation mode for threat intelligence-based filtering.

* `virtualHub` - A `virtualHub` block as defined below.

* `zones` - A list of Availability Zones in which this Azure Firewall is located.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Azure Firewall.

---

A `ipConfiguration` block exports the following:

* `subnetId` - The ID of the Subnet where the Azure Firewall is deployed.

* `privateIpAddress` - The Private IP Address of the Azure Firewall.

* `publicIpAddressId`- The ID of the Public IP address of the Azure Firewall.

---

A `managementIpConfiguration` block exports the following:

* `subnetId` - The ID of the Subnet where the Azure Firewall is deployed.

* `privateIpAddress` - The Private IP Address of the Azure Firewall.

* `publicIpAddressId`- The ID of the Public IP address of the Azure Firewall.

---

A `virtualHub` block exports the following:

* `virtualHubId` - The ID of the Virtual Hub where the Azure Firewall resides in.

* `publicIpCount` - The number of public IPs assigned to the Azure Firewall.

* `publicIpAddresses` - The list of public IP addresses associated with the Azure Firewall.

* `privateIpAddress` - The private IP address associated with the Azure Firewall.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Firewall.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-6cdff5c3dffe7a192a1a7fdc43d97dea1cf40e60fe101f9b75ff8cc7b68cef64 -->