---
subcategory: "Healthcare"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_healthcare_service"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing Healthcare Service
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_healthcare_service

Use this data source to access information about an existing Healthcare Service

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAzurermHealthcareServiceExample =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermHealthcareService.DataAzurermHealthcareService(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          location: "westus2",
          name: "example-healthcare_service",
          resourceGroupName: "example-resources",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "healthcare_service_id", {
      value: dataAzurermHealthcareServiceExample.id,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - Specifies the name of the Healthcare Service.

* `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Healthcare Service exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `location` - The Azure Region where the Service is located.

~> **Please Note**: Not all locations support this resource. Some are `West US 2`, `North Central US`, and `UK West`.

* `kind` - The type of the service.
* `authenticationConfiguration` - An `authenticationConfiguration` block as defined below.
* `cosmosdbThroughput` - The provisioned throughput for the backing database.
* `cosmosdbKeyVaultKeyVersionlessId` - The versionless Key Vault Key ID for CMK encryption of the backing database.
* `corsConfiguration` - A `corsConfiguration` block as defined below.
* `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---
An `authenticationConfiguration` exports the following:

* `authority` - The Azure Active Directory (tenant) that serves as the authentication authority to access the service.
* `audience` - The intended audience to receive authentication tokens for the service.
* `smartProxyEnabled` - Is the 'SMART on FHIR' option for mobile and web implementations enabled?

---
A `corsConfiguration` block exports the following:

* `allowedOrigins` - The set of origins to be allowed via CORS.
* `allowedHeaders` - The set of headers to be allowed via CORS.
* `allowedMethods` - The methods to be allowed via CORS.
* `maxAgeInSeconds` - The max age to be allowed via CORS.
* `allowCredentials` - Are credentials are allowed via CORS?

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Healthcare Service.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-96080a0e0a5b91cb3ede6ef7ea65b879eb3385c5d02375333a8f94789337e700 -->