---
subcategory: "Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_images"
description: |-
  Gets information about existing Images within a Resource Group.

---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_images

Use this data source to access information about existing Images within a Resource Group.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new azurerm.dataAzurermImages.DataAzurermImages(this, "example", {
      resourceGroupName: "example-resources",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Image exists.

* `tagsFilter` - A mapping of tags to filter the list of images against.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `images` - One or more `images` blocks as defined below:

---

A `images` block exports the following:

* `name` - The name of the Image.

* `location` - The supported Azure location where the Image exists.

* `zoneResilient` - Is zone resiliency enabled?

* `osDisk` - An `osDisk` block as defined below.

* `dataDisk` - One or more `dataDisk` blocks as defined below.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Image.

---

The `osDisk` block exports the following:

* `blobUri` - the URI in Azure storage of the blob used to create the image.

* `caching` - the caching mode for the OS Disk.

* `managedDiskId` - the ID of the Managed Disk used as the OS Disk Image.

* `osState` - the State of the OS used in the Image.

* `osType` - the type of Operating System used on the OS Disk.

* `sizeGb` - the size of the OS Disk in GB.

---

The `dataDisk` block exports the following:

* `blobUri` - the URI in Azure storage of the blob used to create the image.

* `caching` - the caching mode for the Data Disk.

* `lun` - the logical unit number of the data disk.

* `managedDiskId` - the ID of the Managed Disk used as the Data Disk Image.

* `sizeGb` - the size of this Data Disk in GB.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Images within a Resource Group.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-4b79709d44b8cec7cc0691090b5bdabf0c612438b8f4d9d80e153de0c1b15f6e -->