---
subcategory: "Maintenance"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_maintenance_configuration"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing Maintenance Configuration.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_maintenance_configuration

Use this data source to access information about an existing Maintenance Configuration.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_maintenance_configuration" "existing" {
  name                = "example-mc"
  resource_group_name = "example-resources"
}

output "id" {
  value = azurerm_maintenance_configuration.existing.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - Specifies the name of the Maintenance Configuration.

* `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the Resource Group where this Maintenance Configuration exists.

## Attributes Reference

* `location` - The Azure location where the resource exists.

* `scope` - The scope of the Maintenance Configuration.

* `visibility` - The visibility of the Maintenance Configuration.

* `window` - A `window` block as defined below.

* `installPatches` -  An `installPatches` block as defined below.

* `inGuestUserPatchMode` -  The in guest user patch mode.

* `properties` - The properties assigned to the resource.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

---

A `window` block exports the following:

* `startDateTime` - Effective start date of the maintenance window.

* `expirationDateTime` - Effective expiration date of the maintenance window.

* `duration` - The duration of the maintenance window.

* `timeZone` - The time zone for the maintenance window.

* `recurEvery` The rate at which a maintenance window is expected to recur.

---

A `installPatches` block supports:

* `linux` - A `linux` block as defined below. 

* `windows` - A `windows` block as defined below. 

* `reboot` - Possible reboot preference as defined by the user based on which it would be decided to reboot the machine or not after the patch operation is completed.

---


---

A `linux` block supports:

* `classificationsToInclude` - List of Classification category of patches to be patched. 

* `packageNamesMaskToExclude` - List of package names to be excluded from patching.

* `packageNamesMaskToInclude` - List of package names to be included for patching.

---

A `windows` block supports:

* `classificationsToInclude` - List of Classification category of patches to be patched.

* `kbNumbersToExclude` List of KB numbers to be excluded from patching.

* `kbNumbersToInclude` List of KB numbers to be included for patching.

---

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Maintenance Configuration.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-42a955557971f85fe08a658e1e5dfb373954775f9cffa6f4269243530560bcef -->