---
subcategory: "Database"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_mariadb_server"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing MariaDB Server.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_mariadb_server

Use this data source to access information about an existing MariaDB Server.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_mariadb_server" "db_server" {
  name                = "mariadb-server"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_mariadb_server.example.resource_group_name
}

output "mariadb_server_id" {
  value = data.azurerm_mariadb_server.example.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - The name of the MariaDB Server to retrieve information about.

* `resourceGroupName` - The name of the resource group where the MariaDB Server exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the MariaDB Server.

* `fqdn` - The FQDN of the MariaDB Server.

* `location` - The Azure location where the resource exists.

* `skuName` - The SKU Name for this MariaDB Server.

* `storageProfile` - A `storageProfile` block as defined below.

* `administratorLogin` - The Administrator login for the MariaDB Server.

* `version` - The version of MariaDB being used.

* `sslEnforcement` - The SSL being enforced on connections.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

---

A `storageProfile` block exports the following:

* `storageMb` - The max storage allowed for a server.

* `backupRetentionDays` - Backup retention days for the server.

* `geoRedundantBackup` - Whether Geo-redundant is enabled or not for server backup.

* `autoGrow` - Whether autogrow is enabled or disabled for the storage.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the MariaDB Server.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-e3e59ec0024972a04edcaf766712a67f87ad08d6a20e309ed02abe0d3743c398 -->