---
subcategory: "Mobile Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_mobile_network_sim_policy"
description: |-
  Get information about a Mobile Network Sim Policy.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_mobile_network_sim_policy

Get information about a Mobile Network Sim Policy.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAzurermMobileNetworkExample =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermMobileNetwork.DataAzurermMobileNetwork(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          name: "example-mn",
          resourceGroupName: "example-rg",
        }
      );
    const dataAzurermMobileNetworkSimPolicyExample =
      new azurerm.dataAzurermMobileNetworkSimPolicy.DataAzurermMobileNetworkSimPolicy(
        this,
        "example_1",
        {
          mobileNetworkId: cdktf.Token.asString(
            dataAzurermMobileNetworkExample.id
          ),
          name: "example-mnsp",
        }
      );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    dataAzurermMobileNetworkSimPolicyExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
  }
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - The name which should be used for this Mobile Network Sim Policies.

* `mobileNetworkId` - The ID of the Mobile Network which the Sim Policy belongs to.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Mobile Network Sim Policies.

* `defaultSliceId` - The ID of default slice to use if the UE does not explicitly specify it.

* `location` - The Azure Region where the Mobile Network Sim Policy should exist.

* `registrationTimerInSeconds` - Interval for the UE periodic registration update procedure.

* `ratFrequencySelectionPriorityIndex` - RAT/Frequency Selection Priority Index, defined in 3GPP TS 36.413.

* `userEquipmentAggregateMaximumBitRate` - A `userEquipmentAggregateMaximumBitRate` block as defined below.

* `slice` - An array of `slice` block as defined below. The allowed slices and the settings to use for them.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Mobile Network Sim Policies.

---

A `slice` block supports the following:

* `dataNetwork` - An array of `dataNetwork` block as defined below.

* `defaultDataNetworkId` - The ID of default data network to use if the UE does not explicitly specify it.

* `sliceId` - The ID of the slice that these settings apply to.

---

A `dataNetwork` block supports the following:

* `allowedServicesIds` - An array of IDs of services that can be used as part of this SIM policy.

* `dataNetworkId` - The ID of Mobile Network Data Network which these settings apply to.

* `sessionAggregateMaximumBitRate` - A `sessionAggregateMaximumBitRate` block as defined below.

* `allocationAndRetentionPriorityLevel` - Default QoS Flow allocation and retention priority (ARP) level. Flows with higher priority preempt flows with lower priority, if the settings of `preemptionCapability` and `preemptionVulnerability` allow it. 1 is the highest level of priority. If this field is not specified then `qosIndicator` is used to derive the ARP value. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

* `additionalAllowedSessionTypes` - Allowed session types in addition to the default session type.

* `defaultSessionType` - The default PDU session type, which is used if the UE does not request a specific session type.

* `qosIndicator` - The QoS Indicator (5QI for 5G network /QCI for 4G net work) value identifies a set of QoS characteristics that control QoS forwarding treatment for QoS flows or EPS bearers.

* `maxBufferedPackets` - The maximum number of downlink packets to buffer at the user plane for High Latency Communication - Extended Buffering.

* `preemptionCapability` - The Preemption Capability of a QoS Flow controls whether it can preempt another QoS Flow with a lower priority level. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

* `preemptionVulnerability` - The Preemption Vulnerability of a QoS Flow controls whether it can be preempted by QoS Flow with a higher priority level. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

---

A `sessionAggregateMaximumBitRate` block supports the following:

* `downlink` - Downlink bit rate.

* `uplink` - Uplink bit rate.

---

A `userEquipmentAggregateMaximumBitRate` block supports the following:

* `downlink` - Downlink bit rate.

* `uplink` - Uplink bit rate.


## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Mobile Network Sim Policies.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-52f0effa3ab3b6edc654e3c7707a329a421e9edc9b7f5391e05b33f639f24cbf -->