---
subcategory: "Mobile Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_mobile_network_service"
description: |-
  Get information about a Mobile Network Service.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_mobile_network_service

Get information about a Mobile Network Service.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_mobile_network" "example" {
  name                = "example-mn"
  resource_group_name = "example-rg"
}

resource "azurerm_mobile_network_service" "example" {
  name              = "example-mns"
  mobile_network_id = data.azurerm_mobile_network.example.id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name which should be used for this Mobile Network Service. 

* `mobileNetworkId` - (Required) Specifies the ID of the Mobile Network Service. 

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Mobile Network Service.

* `location` - The Azure Region where the Mobile Network Service should exist.

* `servicePrecedence` - A precedence value that is used to decide between services when identifying the QoS values to use for a particular SIM. A lower value means a higher priority. 

* `pccRule` - A `pccRule` block as defined below. The set of PCC Rules that make up this service.

* `serviceQosPolicy` - A `serviceQosPolicy` block as defined below. The QoS policy to use for packets matching this service. 

* `tags` - A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Mobile Network Service.

---

A `pccRule` block supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the rule. This must be unique within the parent service.

* `precedence` - A precedence value that is used to decide between data flow policy rules when identifying the QoS values to use for a particular SIM. A lower value means a higher priority. 

* `qosPolicy` - A `ruleQosPolicy` block as defined below. The QoS policy to use for packets matching this rule.

* `serviceDataFlowTemplate` - A `serviceDataFlowTemplate` block as defined below. The set of service data flow templates to use for this PCC rule.

* `trafficControlEnabled` - Determines whether flows that match this data flow policy rule are permitted.

---

A `ruleQosPolicy` block supports the following:

* `allocationAndRetentionPriorityLevel` - QoS Flow allocation and retention priority (ARP) level. Flows with higher priority preempt flows with lower priority.

* `qosIndicator` - The QoS Indicator (5QI for 5G network /QCI for 4G net work) value identifies a set of QoS characteristics that control QoS forwarding treatment for QoS flows or EPS bearers.

* `guaranteedBitRate` - A `guaranteedBitRate` block as defined below. The Guaranteed Bit Rate (GBR) for all service data flows that use this PCC Rule. 

* `maximumBitRate` - A `maximumBitRate` block as defined below. The Maximum Bit Rate (MBR) for all service data flows that use this PCC Rule or Service.

* `preemptionCapability` - The Preemption Capability of a QoS Flow controls whether it can preempt another QoS Flow with a lower priority level. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

* `preemptionVulnerability` - The Preemption Vulnerability of a QoS Flow controls whether it can be preempted by QoS Flow with a higher priority level. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

---

A `guaranteedBitRate` block supports the following:

* `downlink` - Downlink bit rate.

* `uplink` - Uplink bit rate.

---

A `serviceDataFlowTemplate` block supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the data flow template. This must be unique within the parent data flow policy rule.

* `direction` - The direction of this flow. Possible values are `uplink`, `downlink` and `bidirectional`.

* `protocol` - A list of the allowed protocol(s) for this flow. 

* `remoteIpList` - The remote IP address(es) to which UEs will connect for this flow. 

* `ports` - The port(s) to which UEs will connect for this flow. You can specify zero or more ports or port ranges. 

---

A `serviceQosPolicy` block supports the following:

* `allocationAndRetentionPriorityLevel` - QoS Flow allocation and retention priority (ARP) level. 

* `qosIndicator` - The QoS Indicator (5QI for 5G network /QCI for 4G net work) value identifies a set of QoS characteristics that control QoS forwarding treatment for QoS flows or EPS bearers.

* `maximumBitRate` - A `maximumBitRate` block as defined below. The Maximum Bit Rate (MBR) for all service data flows that use this PCC Rule or Service.

* `preemptionCapability` - The Preemption Capability of a QoS Flow controls whether it can preempt another QoS Flow with a lower priority level. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

* `preemptionVulnerability` - The Preemption Vulnerability of a QoS Flow controls whether it can be preempted by QoS Flow with a higher priority level. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters. 

---

A `maximumBitRate` block supports the following:

* `downlink` - Downlink bit rate.

* `uplink` - Uplink bit rate.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Mobile Network Service.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-47f421215b4360869a3c83ad04a70c923077ce5a4db61ade42b90394cb218508 -->