---
subcategory: "Mobile Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_mobile_network_packet_core_control_plane"
description: |-
  Get information about a Mobile Network Packet Core Control Plane.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# azurerm_mobile_network_packet_core_control_plane

Get information about a Mobile Network Packet Core Control Plane.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new azurerm.dataAzurermMobileNetworkPacketCoreControlPlane.DataAzurermMobileNetworkPacketCoreControlPlane(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        name: "example-mnpccp",
        resourceGroupName: "example-rg",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - The name of the Mobile Network Packet Core Control Plane. 

* `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group where the Mobile Network Packet Core Control Plane exists.  

---

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Mobile Network Packet Core Control Plane.

* `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

* `location` - The Azure Region where the Mobile Network Packet Core Control Plane exists. 

* `siteIds` - The list of Mobile Network Site IDs in which this packet core control plane is deployed.

* `sku` - The SKU defining the throughput and SIM allowances for this packet core control plane deployment. 

* `localDiagnosticsAccess` - One or more `localDiagnosticsAccess` blocks as defined below. The Kubernetes ingress configuration that controls access to the packet core diagnostics through local APIs.

* `controlPlaneAccessInterface` - A `controlPlaneAccessInterface` block as defined below. The control plane interface on the access network.

* `userEquipmentMtuInBytes` - The MTU in bytes that can be sent to the user equipment.

* `coreNetworkTechnology` - The core network technology generation.

* `platform` - A `platform` block as defined below.

* `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

* `interoperabilitySettingsJson` - Settings in JSON format to allow interoperability with third party components e.g. RANs and UEs.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Mobile Network Packet Core Control Plane.

* `softwareVersion` - The version of the packet core software that is deployed.

---

A `controlPlaneAccessInterface` block supports the following:

* `name` - The logical name for this interface.

* `ipv4Address` - The IPv4 address.

* `ipv4Subnet` - The IPv4 subnet.

* `ipv4Gateway` - The default IPv4 gateway (router).

---

A `localDiagnosticsAccess` block supports the following:

* `authenticationType` - How to authenticate users who access local diagnostics APIs. 

* `httpsServerCertificateUrl` - The versionless certificate URL used to secure local access to packet core diagnostics over local APIs by the Kubernetes ingress.

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity.

* `identityIds` - A list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this resource.

---

A `platform` block supports the following:

* `type` - The platform type where the packet core is deployed.

* `edgeDeviceId` - The ID of Azure Stack Edge device where the packet core is deployed. 

* `arcKubernetesClusterId` - The ID of Azure Arc connected cluster where the packet core is deployed.

* `stackHciClusterId` - The ID of Azure Stack HCI cluster where the packet core is deployed.

* `customLocationId` -  The ID of Azure Arc custom location where the packet core is deployed.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Mobile Network Packet Core Control Plane.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-c7caf0cb3a956e6dab21828843d7f07d3ced7e47091f3c452cf15f2cdb961f7a -->