---
subcategory: "NetApp"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_netapp_volume_group_sap_hana"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Application Volume Group for SAP HANA application.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_netapp_volume_group_sap_hana

Use this data source to access information about an existing Application Volume Group for SAP HANA application.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_netapp_volume_group_sap_hana" "example" {
  name                = "existing application volume group name"
  resource_group_name = "resource group name where the account and volume group belong to"
  account_name        = "existing account where the application volume group belong to"
}

output "id" {
  value = data.azurerm_netapp_volume_group_sap_hana.example.id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `accountName` - (Required) Name of the account where the application volume group belong to.

* `name` - (Required) The name of this Application Volume Group for SAP HANA application.

* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Application Volume Group exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the Application Volume Group.

* `applicationIdentifier` - The application identifier.

* `groupDescription` - Volume group description.

* `location` - The Azure Region where the Application Volume Group exists.

* `volume` - A `volume` block as defined below.

---

A `volume` block exports the following:

* `capacityPoolId` - The ID of the Capacity Pool.

* `id` - Volume ID.

* `name` - The name of this volume.

* `proximityPlacementGroupId` - The ID of the proximity placement group.

* `securityStyle` - Volume security style.

* `serviceLevel` - The target performance of the file system.

* `snapshotDirectoryVisible` - Is the .snapshot (NFS clients) path of a volume visible?

* `storageQuotaInGb` - The maximum Storage Quota allowed for a file system in Gigabytes.

* `subnetId` - The ID of the Subnet the NetApp Volume resides in.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Application Volume Group.

* `throughputInMibps` - Throughput of this volume in Mibps.

* `volumePath` - A unique file path for the volume.

* `volumeSpecName` - Volume spec name.

* `dataProtectionReplication` - A `dataProtectionReplication` block as defined below.

* `dataProtectionSnapshotPolicy` - A `dataProtectionSnapshotPolicy` block as defined below.

* `exportPolicyRule` - A `exportPolicyRule` block as defined below.

* `mountIpAddresses` - A `mountIpAddresses` block as defined below.

* `protocols` - A `protocols` block as defined below.

---

A `dataProtectionReplication` block exports the following:

* `endpointType` - The endpoint type.

* `remoteVolumeLocation` - Location of the primary volume.

* `remoteVolumeResourceId` - Resource ID of the primary volume.

* `replicationFrequency` - Replication frequency.

---

A `dataProtectionSnapshotPolicy` block exports the following:

* `snapshotPolicyId` - Resource ID of the snapshot policy to apply to the volume.

---

A `exportPolicyRule` block exports the following:

* `allowedClients` - A list of allowed clients IPv4 addresses.

* `nfsv3Enabled` - Is the NFSv3 protocol enabled?

* `nfsv41Enabled` - Is the NFSv4.1 enabled?

* `rootAccessEnabled` - Is root access permitted to this volume?

* `ruleIndex` - The index number of the rule.

* `unixReadOnly` - Is the file system on unix read only?.

* `unixReadWrite` - Is the file system on unix read and write?.

---



## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Application Volume Group.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-b69fccb9f140eaa51e29ef657a556241986f24a0383d3bd82774c3d0c29da6c4 -->