---
subcategory: "Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_shared_image_version"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Version of a Shared Image within a Shared Image Gallery.

---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_shared_image_version

Use this data source to access information about an existing Version of a Shared Image within a Shared Image Gallery.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_shared_image_version" "example" {
  name                = "1.0.0"
  image_name          = "my-image"
  gallery_name        = "my-image-gallery"
  resource_group_name = "example-resources"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - The name of the Image Version.

~> **Note:** You may specify `latest` to obtain the latest version or `recent` to obtain the most recently updated version.

* `imageName` - The name of the Shared Image in which this Version exists.

* `galleryName` - The name of the Shared Image Gallery in which the Shared Image exists.

* `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Shared Image Gallery exists.

* `sortVersionsBySemver` - (Optional) Sort available versions taking SemVer versioning scheme into account. Defaults to `false`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Shared Image.

* `excludeFromLatest` - Is this Image Version excluded from the `latest` filter?

* `location` - The supported Azure location where the Shared Image Gallery exists.

* `managedImageId` - The ID of the Managed Image which was the source of this Shared Image Version.

* `targetRegion` - One or more `targetRegion` blocks as documented below.

* `osDiskSnapshotId` - The ID of the OS disk snapshot which was the source of this Shared Image Version.

* `osDiskImageSizeGb` - The size of the OS disk snapshot (in Gigabytes) which was the source of this Shared Image Version.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Shared Image.

---

The `targetRegion` block exports the following:

* `name` - The Azure Region in which this Image Version exists.

* `regionalReplicaCount` - The number of replicas of the Image Version to be created per region.

* `storageAccountType` - The storage account type for the image version.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Version of a Shared Image within a Shared Image Gallery.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2bbe5c9f483838a0a43188a288c82cd0980f01a14526ef66d1c18cd535f59b74 -->