---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_signalr_service"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Azure SignalR service.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: azurerm_signalr_service

Use this data source to access information about an existing Azure SignalR service.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new azurerm.dataAzurermSignalrService.DataAzurermSignalrService(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        name: "test-signalr",
        resourceGroupName: "signalr-resource-group",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - Specifies the name of the SignalR service.

* `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the resource group the SignalR service is located in.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the SignalR service.

* `hostname` - The FQDN of the SignalR service.

* `ipAddress` - The publicly accessible IP of the SignalR service.

* `location` - Specifies the supported Azure location where the SignalR service exists.

* `publicPort` - The publicly accessible port of the SignalR service which is designed for browser/client use.

* `serverPort` - The publicly accessible port of the SignalR service which is designed for customer server side use.

* `primaryAccessKey` - The primary access key of the SignalR service.

* `primaryConnectionString` - The primary connection string of the SignalR service.

* `secondaryAccessKey` - The secondary access key of the SignalR service.

* `secondaryConnectionString` - The secondary connection string of the SignalR service.

* `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - Is public network access enabled for this SignalR service?

* `localAuthEnabled` - Is local auth enable for this SignalR serviced?

* `aadAuthEnabled` - Is aad auth enabled for this SignalR service?

* `tlsClientCertEnabled` - Is tls client cert enabled for this SignalR service?

* `serverlessConnectionTimeoutInSeconds` - The serverless connection timeout of this SignalR service.

* `identity` - An `identity` block as documented below.

---

The `identity` block exports the following:

* `type` - The type of identity used for the signalR service.

* `userAssignedIdentityId` - The ID of the User Assigned Identity. This value will be empty when using system assigned identity.

* `principalId` - The principal id of the system assigned identity.

* `tenantId` - The tenant id of the system assigned identity.

---

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the SignalR service.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-951c7e6d21b229c9e402d8a3fcc72d7b0c45177a44eb0247cef665cf08a0fc30 -->